http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=7/news=luck-of-the-draw-for-polish-player-2403118.html
Luck of the draw for Polish player 
Once again two players finished top of the round standings following the semi-finals, but with unique methods. While both earned a whopping 158 points, both 
and 
utilised different players, tactics and captains.  
opted for 5-4-1 with Martin Demichelis as his skipper, a mainly German midfield containing Toni Kroos, Philipp Lahm and Sami Khedira with Thomas Mueller operating as a lone hitman upfront. 
handed Kroos the captain’s armband and was rewarded with 38 points.  
One point behind in third was 
, who will be ruing the decision to select the Wesley Sneidjer in midfield. Had he selected Mascherano instead, he would have been two points ahead of the leaders.  
Yet, something had to separate 
and 
. In accordance with the rules, FIFA made a draw and 
was declared the winner of an adidas 2014 FIFA World Cup brazuca ball; a signed captain’s armband from a match at the 2014 FIFA World Cup; a PlayStation®3 copy of the EA SPORTS™ 2014 FIFA World Cup game.  

With just one round to play, just two points separates the top three. Leading the way is Frip69, who has 784 points, but 
and 
are hot on the current No1s heels. What will happen with two games to play?  

Although the Dutch keeper ended up on the losing side in Sao Paulo, he was actually the cream of the crop in terms of this round of Fantasy. He earned 12 points and cost just 3m.  

Anyone who shelled out 9m for Aguero would have been disappointed to see the Manchester City man earn just two points for his substitute appearance.  

Unsurprisingly the 7-1 win over Brazil made the Europeans’ this round’s top points-scorers with Kroos (19), Lahm (16) and Khedira (14) all in the top five points scorers this time around.  

With finals notoriously tight and Brazil having a point to prove, could members of Luis Felipe Scolari’s squad be good picks this time around. Could Oscar, Hulk and Fred run riot?  
