http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=7/news=netherlands-argentina-celebs-predict-to-fifa-com-2402116.html
Netherlands-Argentina: Celebs predict to FIFA.com
"Louis van Gaal’s genius tactics take on the little genius known as Messi. This one is very difficult to pick. Holland have looked amazing, the team of World Cup so far, but I just feel like it’s destiny for Messi and Argentina.”


 


“Holland will win 3-0 The Dutch team and spirit are stronger than ever before!”



“My wife is Dutch so I have to ‘agree’ with her, but secretly I would love to see the world’s best player Lionel Messi and Argentina in the final!”


 


“The Dutch can now enjoy the support of roughly 200 million Brazilians, and so far Argentina have not been in the greatest form. But games like this can draw other forces out and have to be seen differently. I think [the Netherlands] will repeat the same result as in the 1998 World Cup (they beat Argentina 2-1 in the quarer-finals).”


 


“I'd say Netherlands has too much firepower for Argentina, who haven't been getting the ball to Messi enough. 2-1 Netherlands.”


 


“I think Argentina will go through because it’s Messi's turn to shine and he knows it. Argentina has improved as a team, especially in defence, while the Netherlands look like depending on Super Robben and might lack experience at the back. I expect a tight game – not like [Brazil-Germany]!”


 


“My prediction is an Argentina win. With each game their confidence is growing as well as Messi's. This is his time to shine and make it happen.”



"There is no doubt that it will be a tough match for both sides, but with the presence of the king (Messi), Argentina will hopefully win.”




 


“Holland will win. It will be a very tight game because both sides are evenly matched. I hope to see a great game and I back Holland to win.”


 
“Tactician Van Gaal & his disciplined pupils will be a tough test for the experienced Argentines & their passion for football, led by the clinical Messi. Di Maria will be a big miss, but I still think the Albiceleste will win.” 








“This should be a fantastic game to watch. Overall Netherlands looks a bit stronger than Argentina, but with Leo Messi you never know. 2-1 Argentina.”


 


“I predict the score to be unpredictable.”


 
