http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=7/news=hummels-the-hero-for-joint-winners-2400704.html
Hummels the hero for joint-winners
There were joint-winners of this round of McDonald's FIFA World Cup™ Fantasy as both 
and 
picked exactly the same team and the same skipper. It proved to be an inspired piece of telepathy, as by putting Mats Hummels as captain, they earned 155 points each – while, agonisingly, just one point behind in third was jonathan.bre.



In accordance with the rules, FIFA made a draw and pragnya11 was declared the winner of an adidas 2014 FIFA World Cup brazuca ball; a signed captain’s armband from a match at the 2014 FIFA World Cup; a PlayStation®3 copy of the EA SPORTS™ 2014 FIFA World Cup game. 
The winners both went for a 5-3-2 formation with Keylor Navas between the posts, a defence consisting of Thiago Silva, Giancarlo Gonzalez, Daniel Van Buyten, Mats Hummels and Stefan De Vrij. The midfield trio of James Rodriguez, Philipp Lahm and Javier Mascherano earned 28 points between them and despite not scoring, Arjen Robben and Neymar provided 21 points.  

There’s a new name at the top of the standings with Croatia’s 
 leading the way with 652 points. It’s so tight at the top that
who led the overall table after the Round of 16 has dropped out of the top ten – and possibly contention – altogether.  
 Mats Hummels (Germany) 

The goal-scoring, clean-sheet keeping defender earned 21 points for his team in the round, ensuring that the 7m laid out was money well spent. The best-value buys were De Vrij and Gonzalez who earned 13 points for their 4m. 




 Sergio Aguero (Argentina) & Mario Goetze (Germany) 

Anyone who shelled out 9m for Aguero would have been disappointed to see the Manchester City man sit out the 1-0 win over Belgium, while 7.5m for Goetze yielded just a single point.  
Costa Rica (101) and Germany (100) 

Although there were differing fortunes for the two teams listed above, they were the highest scorers of the quarter-finalists, proving that a solid defence is worth its weight in gold.  

With the pool of available lessening, a ‘left-field’ solution may be the key. Is Miroslav Klose worth a gamble? Or could Klass-Jan Huntelaar be your super-sub?  
  
