http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=7/news=brazil-2014-s-100-club-2400785.html
Brazil 2014's 100 club
Brazil 2014 has seen a huge number of memorable landmarks, with individuals and teams both reaching special milestones. The 100 club has been bolstered by a range of additions, with several players and sides attaining their century. Countries have reached 100 games, players have scored landmark goals and a lucky few have attained one of the most sought-after records in international football: their 100th cap. 
 takes a look at some of the centenaries reached and surpassed at this summer’s festival of football, with huge names such as Neymar, Wesley Sneijder and Olivier Giroud all involved. 
One of the first special landmarks at Brazil 2014 came on the second day of the tournament, with Dutch No10 Sneijder making his 100th international appearance in a quite remarkable game against Spain. Despite going down in the first half to the FIFA World Cup™ holders the 
rallied and, with Sneijder setting up their third, ended the game with an emphatic 5-1 victory. 
When three-time world champions Germany played their first match at Brazil 2014, they became the first side to reach 100 World Cup games. It was an utterly dominant display by the Germans, sweeping aside their Portuguese counterparts with consummate ease. Thomas Muller scored a hat-trick, with Mats Hummels also scoring on his World Cup debut, to see 
to a 4-0 win. 
The veteran defender made his 100th appearance for 
 in their second group match against Côte d’Ivoire. Due to his side appearing at their first finals since 1998, it was only his second World Cup appearance at the age of 38. The captain led his charges to a 2-1 win that secured their passage to the knockout stages. 
France’s opening game at Brazil 2014 saw them sweep Honduras aside with their 97th, 98th and 99th World Cup goals in a 3-0 victory. That meant that their first goalscorer against Switzerland in their second game would go down as the man who notched their centenary strike. It was to be the Arsenal man who wrote his name in the history books, rising highest from a Mathieu Valbuena corner to head past Diego Benaglio. 
The Argentina No14 faced Iran for the first time in his 100th appearance for the 
, and it was a game largely suited to his spoiling tendencies as the match remained scoreless for 90 minutes. It was a moment of Lionel Messi magic that saw Argentina win 1-0 and progress to the knockout stages of Brazil 2014. 
Fortaleza was the setting for the Arsenal defender’s centenary appearance. Joachim Low’s side faced Ghana in a veritable thriller that would not have pleased the Germany defender as Ghana twice breached the 
 defence in a 2-2 draw. Mertesacker became the tenth German to reach 100 appearances. 
Just one week after Germany became the first side to reach 100 World Cup matches, Brazil 2014’s hosts joined them with their final Group A match against Cameroon. They swept to a 4-1 win, with Neymar scoring a landmark goal in the milestone match. It was 
69th World Cup victory in their 20th tournament – they are the only side to appear at every World Cup. 
The first goal of the World Cup was scored by a Brazilian, Marcelo putting through his own net in the Opening Match against Croatia, but the tournament’s 100th saw their No10 score at the right end. Brazil 2014’s poster boy darted into the Cameroonian penalty area before slamming a low shot past Charles Itandje.   
The former Liverpool winger’s centenary appearance will surely go down as having one of the most incredible finales in World Cup history. A rather nondescript opening period against Mexico was contrasted by an electric second half, in which Giovani Dos Santos put 
 ahead. Then came the drama. Kuyt’s tireless running throughout summed up the 
 never-say-die attitude, with Sneijder grabbing a late leveller before sub Klaas-Jan Huntelaar won it with a penalty in stoppage time. 
 
After Godfrey Oboabona’s injury in the Super Eagles’ opening game against Iran, Yobo took his place in the centre of defence along with the captain's armband. He made his 98th and 99th international appearances in the side’s remaining group games before leading his team out against France for the country’s first World Cup knockout game since 1998. He became his country’s first centurion but it was not to be a fairy-tale afternoon for the skipper as he scored an own goal in second-half stoppage time as his team crashed out with a 2-0 defeat. 
