http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=7/news=fontaine-just-indetronable-2398000-2398220.html
Fontaine: I was walking on water in '58
The race for the adidas Golden Boot is hotting up at Brazil 2014, with James Rodriguez leading the way on five goals ahead of closest rivals Thomas Muller, Lionel Messi and Neymar. It would take a brave fan to predict who will fire their way to glory, but one thing is certain – or almost certain: Just Fontaine will not be relinquishing the adidas Platinum Boot he received on 11 June for his incredible 13 strikes at Sweden 1958. 



To collect the honour, first promised by FIFA President Joseph S. Blatter several years ago, 
 travelled to Sao Paolo with his old friend Dominique Colonna, France's third-choice goalkeeper during their run to the semi-finals in 1958. "I also made him come to Nice and Reims," Fontaine told 
, recalling the clubs where the two men spent time as team-mates. "We're like an old married couple!"





The Stade de Reims legend has regaled listeners with the story over a thousand times, but he never tires of looking back at his magical Scandinavian summer. Nor have his memories of the tournament dimmed over the years. "In 1958, I'd only started playing again on 15 February after a knee operation on 7 December," he said. "I did what I needed to come back and so, by the time June came around, I was walking on water. Like Jesus."



If Fontaine's physical freshness played into his prolific form, so too did his understanding with Raymond Kopa, France's other magisterial talent at the time. "We shared a room, but we kept very different hours: he went to bed late like the Spanish, whereas I got up early. On the pitch, though, we clicked right from the start. I learned quickly that I had to wait for the end of his dribbles before making my runs. We began finding each other straight away." 



With Kopa pulling the strings and Fontaine in peak shape, the Marrakech-born striker slotted four goals past West Germany, hit a hat-trick against Paraguay and struck doubles against both Yugoslavia and Northern Ireland. A stunning feat, yet Fontaine still feels pangs of regret when he recalls France's semi-final loss to Brazil. "We had Andre Lerond, a left-footer, marking Garrincha, thinking that he could block him down the wing. Some hope. Garrincha cut inside three times and set up Vava to score."





That opening blow came inside the first two minutes, and although Fontaine levelled six minutes later, calamity loomed for 
. "Three minutes after that, Robert Jonquet broke his fibula," said 
. "He tried to stay on the pitch, but as you can imagine, with a fracture… At the time, substitutions weren't allowed, so we played with ten men. It finished 5-2, the scoreline Sweden lost by in the Final, except that we'd played with one player less." Teeth clenched, the marksman could easily have been picturing a game that had happened yesterday. "When you think about it, though, what if 'Bobby' had never broken that damned leg?" added Colonna.



Fontaine watched the showpiece from the stands, where he got another good look at the effervescent talent of the young Pele. "When you saw him play in 1958, you said to yourself straight away: this one, he's a bit special. He was just 17 and a half… wow." Clearly, the France forward picked up a trick or two as well. "I saw him pull off a majestic move in the Final: he received a pass that had been hit hard, controlled the ball by flicking it over his marker and volleyed it against the bar. I stored that away. Then, in 1960, finding myself in the same situation against Saint-Etienne, I tried it myself and the ball ended up in the top corner."



All in all, 1958 was a monumental year for Fontaine – and, with characteristic good humour, the great man has a few more statistics to round out the assessment. "That year, I scored 34 goals in 26 league games, ten goals in the cup and we won the double. Then I scored 13 World Cup goals and I got goals at the start of our European Cup campaign, finishing the competition as top scorer with ten," he said, erupting with laughter. "So, you know, what more could I have done?" 



His star looked set to shine for many years hence, but, cruelly, on 20 March 1960, disaster struck. Playing against Sochaux, Fontaine suffered a double fracture in his left leg, an injury from which he never fully recovered. "I was at the other end of the pitch, in goal," said Colonna, his voice quivering as he recounted the event in his inimitable Corsican accent. "I can still hear the sound of the fracture in my head. It was terrible."  





Time is the great healer, of course, and 
has had over half a century to come to terms with how his career ended. Whether that has helped or not, he has certainly adopted a wry attitude to life. Limping after struggling off his chair at the end of our interview, and with pain in both legs, the 80-year-old joked: "Not quite the same explosive acceleration as in 1958, eh?"



Before bidding farewell, it was time to ask whether Fontaine thinks his World Cup benchmark will ever be surpassed. Typically, he answered with a joke. "One day, some Egyptologists come across an intact mummy. They observe it and notice that it's moving under the bandages. They hurry to unwrap it and set it free, and when, finally, it can speak, it says: 'Pardon me, but does Just Fontaine still have the goals record?" Making for the exit with his old pal Colonna, he then added: "I have no idea if it'll be beaten as I'm not a soothsayer. But I'm not against keeping it either." 



Of course, Rodriguez, Neymar and Messi may have their own ideas, but all have a long way to go if they hope to beat Just Fontaine's record for football archaeologists to dig up in the future. 
