http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=7/news=attendance-in-fifa-s-global-stadium-exceeds-1-billion-fans-2404624.html
Attendance in FIFA’s Global Stadium exceeds 1 Billion fans 
Brazil 2014 has proved to be a social, mobile #WorldCup as more than a billion fans were able to #joinin across FIFA’s official digital platforms.  
Attendance in the Global Stadium exceeded one billion users by the final whistle of the 2014 FIFA World Cup, meaning that FIFA’s digital live and social hub could fit the equivalent of 13,380 Maracanas inside. 
FIFA’s Global Stadium has been the social, online and mobile hub for the World Cup matches where fans could follow the games live and engage with friends, worldwide fans, players, coaches and celebrities.  
Football fans from every country in the world went through the virtual turnstiles to experience more than 40 billion impressions of official World Cup digital content.  
FIFA’s mobile and social platforms contributed to the record-breaking crowds who engaged with FIFA’s digital platforms, with 107 million fans connecting to official website and app content on mobile devices.  
The official FIFA app recently became the biggest sports event app of all time with a record 28 million downloads. 



An impressive 451 million Facebook users were reached with official FIFA social content, while FIFA’s Twitter followers surpassed the 16-million mark, with an average of ten new followers per second recorded on the opening match day. The official FIFA World Cup Instagram app increased from 42,000 to 0.8 million followers in 31 days, a growth rate of over 1,600 per cent. 



FIFA President Blatter commented: “This has been the first truly mobile and social World Cup. The official FIFA app became the biggest sports event app in the world and we have seen huge growth across our social accounts. The one billion attendance in the Global Stadium created the sense of togetherness the World Cup brings and the shared excitement that digital platforms offer.” 


 
