http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=ronaldo-the-fifa-fan-fest-is-simply-incredible-2389050.html
Ronaldo: The FIFA Fan Fest is simply incredible
Brazil’s nail-biting victory over Chile in the Round of 16 brought the host nation to a virtual standstill on Saturday, with hundreds of thousands of fans choosing to share in the extraordinary experience of a FIFA World Cup™ in their homeland. The 12 FIFA Fan Fest™ locations drew huge crowds, smashing total attendance figures through the three million mark for the tournament.  
Revellers at the FIFA Fan Fest in Rio de Janeiro seemed to blot out every grain of sand on the Copacabana Beach, yet you could still have heard a pin drop as Neymar stepped up to take the home team’s final spot-kick. Joining the party on the Copacabana earlier in the week was Brazil legend Ronaldo, who came to see for himself just why the FIFA Fan Fest is once again proving the place to see and be seen.  
Ronaldo said: “The FIFA Fan Fest is simply incredible. It's a pleasure to be here and see so many happy fans celebrating. I'm hoping to get a bit of time to spend down here. What a place to watch the FIFA World Cup with your friends and family.”  
Since the FIFA Fan Fest opened its doors to the public on the opening day of the competition, fans from all over the world have flooded into the 12 venues to watch matches live in stunning Brazilian locations.  
There’s no doubt that for fans without tickets to the World Cup matches, the FIFA Fan Fest provides the second best place in town. And with iconic settings such as the Farol de Barra in Salvador, Iracema Beach in Fortaleza and, of course, the Copacabana Beach in Rio de Janeiro, who can blame them?  
The opening Round of 16 matches made for another record-breaking day for the FIFA Fan Fest, with hundreds of thousands of people arriving early and partying late, entertained throughout the entire day by a wide range of live cultural performances, music shows from top Brazilian artists, as well as interactive games and activities provided by FIFA’s Commercial Affiliates.  
The 2006 and 2010 editions of the World Cup saw a total of 24 million fans enjoy the action at the FIFA Fan Fest.  
