http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=pinto-costa-rica-must-think-big-2388990.html
Pinto: Costa Rica must think big
Costa Rica coach Jorge Luis Pinto has called on his side to "think big" in their quest for a first appearance in the FIFA World Cup™ quarter-finals. They play Greece in the last 16 in Recife on Sunday after an impressive Group D campaign that saw them beat Uruguay 3-1 and Italy 1-0 before finishing with a goalless draw against England. 
Pinto expects a "complex, counter-attacking" game from Fernando Santos' side and despite the 'Ticos' recent fine form, he admits it will be tough. But the 61-year-old Colombian said Costa Rica had no reason to believe they could not continue their fairytale campaign. 
"We have to think realistically, but we have to think big," said Pinto when asked his opinion on media predictions suggesting Costa Rica could make the semi-finals. "But first things first. Let's concentrate on Greece first and try to win that." 
Despite Greece's comparatively mediocre group campaign - they squeezed into the last 16 only after a last-gasp penalty secured a 2-1 win over Côte d'Ivoire - Pinto said it's back to square one. He believes Greece can still call on the solid, defensive block that helped them to a surprise title at the European Championships a decade ago. And he predicted they would be an aggressive side that would be difficult to break down. 
  
We have to think realistically, but we have to think big
Jorge Luis Pinto, Costa Rica coach
"Perhaps they didn't do well against Colombia (they lost 3-0), and against Côte d'Ivoire they only got the victory in the final minutes, but they will come onto the pitch aggressively and technically they're very good," he said. "They don't have many shortcomings. They can also play a very complex counter-attacking game." 
Pinto, who studied for years to become a top coach without playing professionally, is known to sit for hours with his assistants analysing video footage of opposition players and teams. Ahead of Costa Rica's date with World Cup destiny, the formula has remained the same - except this time, Pinto has had input from Joel Campbell, the Arsenal striker who played on loan at Olympiakos last season. 
"I've watched around 30 football matches from Greece - Joel plays there - not just (Greece against) Colombia or Côte d'Ivoire," added Pinto. "We've done our homework into how they play and we have a wealth of information on the team and its players." 
