http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=7/news=gisele-bundchen-s-special-day-2405718.html
Gisele Bundchen’s special day
Gisele Bundchen is well accustomed to being under the spotlight and having all eyes upon her, but on Sunday the Brazilian supermodel was unable hold back her emotions. Shortly before the final of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ kicked off at the Maracana, she presented the World Cup trophy to the public, which would soon gain a new custodian and become German property for the next four years.  
Alongside Carles Puyol, a World Cup winner in South Africa in 2010, the ambassador of the Louis Vuitton brand, which produces the exclusive case in which the trophy is transported, carried it to the centre of the pitch. “Basically we were presenting the Trophy to the finalists and to the world,” the model told 
. “Puyol represented Spain, the outgoing champions, and I represented my home country, Brazil.”  
During the rehearsals for the historic moment, Bundchen was keen to talk football with the recently retired former Barcelona defender. “He’s a lovely person, really sweet. We had a great chat about football. He told me about his playing days and we talked about the World Cup, some of the teams and players involved and about some of the biggest moments in the history of football. I learned a lot!” 
[Puyol’s] a lovely person, really sweet. We had a great chat about football. He told me about his playing days and we talked about the World Cup
Gisele Bundchen on her Trophy presenting partner Carles Puyol
Gisele said she was a fan of watching and playing all sports, and a big believer in the power of sport to unite people. “I’ve always played sport, ever since I was little. I played volleyball and I believe sport teaches you a lot, such as teamwork, respect and discipline.” As well as the lessons it can provide, the model said that sport has a magic ability to bring different people together. “Just look at the World Cup. The whole world comes together to watch the event and to give their support. It’s beautiful to see.” 
“I’m honoured to have been chosen to represent my country, because I love Brazil. When it comes to football, the Brazilians really wear the shirt, don’t they?” Indeed, throughout the month the people of the country wore the shirt and contributed to one of the most unforgettable World Cups ever. They may not have ended the tournament lifting the trophy like they dreamed, but Brazil certainly had the ideal representative to present it to the world. 
