http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=attendance-in-fifa-s-global-stadium-reaches-230-million-2387289.html
Attendance in FIFA’s Global Stadium reaches 230 million
Brazil 2014 is proving to be a social, mobile #WorldCup as millions of fans #joinin across FIFA’s official digital platforms.  
Attendance in the Global Stadium reached 230 million users by the end of the group stage, meaning that FIFA’s digital live and social hub could fit the equivalent of 3,078 Maracanas inside to date.  
FIFA’s Global Stadium is the social, online and mobile hub for the World Cup matches where fans can follow the games live and engage with friends, worldwide fans, players, coaches and celebrities.  
Football fans from every country in the world went through the virtual turnstiles to consume more than 7.5 billion page impressions of official World Cup digital content.  
FIFA’s mobile and social platforms contributed to the record-breaking crowds who engaged with FIFA’s digital platforms, with 79 million fans connecting to World Cup content on mobile devices as the final whistle blew on the USA-Germany game.  
The official FIFA app recently became the biggest sports event app of all time with a record 20 million downloads in just 26 days, the equivalent of 2,000 years of World Cup fan time and an average of 62 minutes per fan.  
An impressive 358 million Facebook users were reached with official FIFA social content. FIFA’s Twitter followers surpassed the 13.5 million mark, with an average of ten new followers per second recorded on the opening match day. The official FIFA World Cup Instagram app increased from 42k to 550k followers in seven days, a growth rate of over 1000%.  
Matt Stone, FIFA Head of Digital commented: “This is developing into the mobile and social World Cup. The Global Stadium reflects the sense of togetherness which the World Cup brings and the shared excitement which digital platforms offer. The strong growth in our mobile audience, particularly in the app, has kept fans engaged whether they are on the move or as a second screen companion.”  
