http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=brahimi-algerians-have-always-been-technical-footballers-2385472.html
Brahimi: Algerians have always been technical footballers
An eight-year-old Parisian watched in awe as Zinedine Zidane headed France into heaven in his city in 1998. The youngster dreamt of emulating a man who, like him, was born in France to Algerian parents, by scoring a goal in a FIFA World Cup™.



It was a fantasy shared by millions of French kids. It was one that began to look realistic for this one as he progressed towards adulthood. Yacine Brahimi was one of the most prized jewels at the revered Clairefontaine academy. The diminutive winger went on to represent France at every under-age level, giving magnificent service to the U-19s, for whom he scored 11 goals in 25 games . He had Arsenal and Real Madrid pestering Rennes over his availability.



Suddenly, however, Brahimi free-fell from mega-prospect to the French second flight and a loan spell at Clermont. Subsequently, his prospects of one day rippling a net in the World Cup seemingly vanished. After regaining his form back at Rennes, however, Algeria came calling last year and Brahimi made their squad for Brazil 2014.



He didn’t see any action as Algeria lost 2-1 to Belgium in their opener in Group H. That invention-shy performance did, nevertheless, prompt coach Vahid Halilhodzic to start the diminutive 24-year-old against Korea Republic. Brahimi required only his maiden World Cup outing to realise that towering childhood ambition.  


With 
3-1 up against Korea Republic but under pressure, the Granada No10 played a defence-piercing one-two with Sofiane Feghouli before burying his finish. What ultimately finished as a 4-2 victory left Algeria second in Group H, two points above both Russia and Korea Republic.




 caught up with Brahimi to discuss his goal, his country’s win, why Halilhodzic employs different tactics from game to game, and the decisive showdown with Fabio Capello’s Russians.




 


 
