http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=luiz-gustavo-stronger-after-learning-curve-2385828.html
Luiz Gustavo stronger after 'learning curve'
Midfielder Luiz Gustavo, who has been one of Brazil's star performers at the FIFA World Cup™, says that leaving German giants Bayern Munich and moving to Wolfsburg was "a learning curve". 
"A lot of good things happened at Bayern which I have remembered, as well as some bad things which force you to learn and evolve," said the 26-year-old at a press conference on Wednesday. "Leaving that club was not an easy moment, but it was the start of a learning curve and I have come out of it even stronger." 
Luiz Gustavo arrived at Bayern from Bundesliga rivals Hoffenheim in January 2011 and enjoyed a successful two and a half years in Bavaria. Last summer, when Pep Guardiola replaced Jupp Heynckes as coach at the Allianz Arena, he was allowed to leave for 2009 German champions Wolfsburg. 
"Everyone has their own opinion," he said of Guardiola's decision to let him go. "But I am very happy today." 
Everyone is focused on the same objective.
Luiz Gustavo, Brazil midfielder
Having started all of Brazil's World Cup games to date, Luiz Gustavo is again set to have a key role to play in Luiz Felipe Scolari's side in Saturday's last-16 tie against Chile in Belo Horizonte. However, it remains to be seen who will start alongside him in central midfield at the Mineirao. 
Paulinho started in all of Brazil's three Group A matches with Luiz Felipe Scolari declaring that he had "blind faith" in the Tottenham Hotspur player before Monday's 4-1 win against Cameroon in Brasilia. However, his performances have come in for criticism from the Brazilian media and Fernandinho did well after replacing him at half-time against Cameroon. 
The Manchester City player made an immediate impression, helping set up one goal before scoring another late on, and will now hope to force his way into the side to face Chile. 
Luiz Gustavo added: "For me it makes no difference (who plays) because I have to do whatever the coach wants me to do and the other players have to as well. (Paulinho and Fernandinho) have different characteristics, but for me and the team as a whole it doesn't change anything because everyone is focused on the same objective." 
