http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=italy-coach-prandelli-resigns-after-elimination-2384206.html
Italy coach Prandelli resigns after elimination
Italy coach Cesare Prandelli has tendered his resignation in the wake of the country's elimination from the FIFA World Cup™ in Brazil. Italy's 1-0 defeat to Uruguay in Natal meant they missed out on progression to the knockout stages from Group D. 
Prandelli announced at his post-match press conference: "I talked to the president of the federation.. and gave my resignation. The technical set-up didn't work, and I take all responsibility for that. Something has changed since my contract was renewed. I don't know why. I chose a certain technical plan and that's why I'm resigning - because it did not work." 
The former Roma and Fiorentina coach, Prandelli, replaced Marcello Lippi as coach following the 2010 World Cup. He took Italy to the final of Euro 2012 where he was praised despite an eventual 4-0 final defeat to Spain. 
  
I chose a certain technical plan and that's why I'm resigning - because it did not work  
Cesare Prandelli, Italy coach
Italy made a strong start to the 2014 World Cup with victory over England but were left with all to play for in their final group game after an unexpected loss to Costa Rica. Despite a solid defensive performance Italy were put under increasingly pressure following the sending-off of Claudio Marchisio, and an 81st-minute goal from Diego Godin ensured Uruguay advanced to the knockout stages. 
Prandelli added: "A second European Championship, third at the Confederations [Cup] and the qualification obtained in advance should not be under-estimated. The match was well-balanced in equal numbers, but the sending-off changed it all." 
Prandelli was not the only man to fall leave, with president Giancarlo Abete also stepping down. He said he would recommend that Prandelli changes his mind, but that he himself was going. 
"I will go to the board and offer my irrevocable resignation too. I had already made this decision before the World Cup," he said. 
