http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=lampard-young-players-will-benefit-from-experience-2384526.html
Lampard: Young players will benefit from experience
England's goalless draw with Costa Rica was the end to their disappointing FIFA World Cup™, but an experience which Frank Lampard believes will hold the players in good stead moving forward. Roy Hodgson's side saw their place at the bottom of Group D confirmed on Tuesday, with the defeats to Italy and Uruguay compounded by a draw at the Estadio Mineirao. 
It meant not only did they become the first England side since 1958 to exit at the group-stage, but they did so with their lowest World Cup points tally. The Three Lions left for home comforts immediately after the match but not until after getting a wonderful ovation from the travelling support in Belo Horizonte. 
It was a moment Lampard, captaining England, was touched by and made him confident that they can now kick on, with or without him. "It was absolutely amazing," the 36-year-old said. "It made you proud to be an Englishman playing for the country with fans like that. 
Let's not forget we have been knocked out very early but if the fans stick with the younger players and encourage them, they will help the players
Frank Lampard, England midfielder
"From in and around the hotel after we came out here, they followed us and we had it in a good way. This morning before and after they were immense. It makes you feel a bit bad we have not given them a longer stay. I am very proud to have a following like that. 
"[The young players] see that they back the manager and were singing for him. They can see the squad is young and the young players will benefit from this bad experience. Let's not forget we have been knocked out very early but if the fans stick with the younger players and encourage them, they will help the players." 
"It was the end of a disappointing tournament, obviously," Lampard said of the 0-0 draw. "We should have won the game as we had the chances. We played some nice stuff, in bits. It was a difficult game for us to approach and I thought we did as well as we could but it was a shame not to get the win to take home. 
"It was not hard to motivate our ourselves, it was hard to know we were going to get knocked out regardless, so that was the motivation, to do something positive." 
Lampard was making his 106th appearance for England and the former Chelsea midfielder will not be making any decision on whether he wants to add to that caps haul until after he returns home, yet seems to have a clearer idea as to where his club future lies. 
"I will go home and think about it," Lampard said. "I will decide when I get back. But I have a good idea." 
