http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=7/news=germany-argentina-celebs-predict-to-fifa-com-2404270.html
Germany-Argentina: Celebs predict to FIFA.com
“I will support Germany, firstly because I have really good friends there. Secondly, my kids really like the [Germany] team, because we spent a long time there. I think it will be a good game, with lots of important plays. But Germany will win. My prediction is 3-1 Germany.”


 


 


“Fancied Argentina before the tournament started but have got to go for Germany. Best prepared team at the tournament. Momentum of 7-1 win over Brazil carries them through. It'll be tight, but umping for 2-0 Germany.”


 


“Although my manager is a big Argentina fan, I think all 11 players from Germany will play as one. To me that’s the most important part as a football fan.”


 


“We all ‘know’ that Germany should win. They have played disciplined, strong, aggressive and decisive football. I wish them the very best. But having said this, I would love to see Messi and Argentina beat the odds and take home the Trophy from the Maracana in Rio. My best to all.”


 


“Germany will win 3-1. Midfield power and Muller will be the difference. Messi to score though.”



“I think Germany will win. But would love to see Messi lift that Trophy. If he gets an inch, it’s probably Argentina’s.”


 


“I see a tight game, because both teams have found their balance between attack and defence. I see a set-piece making the difference in Germany's favour.”


"It’s a wonderful finale, really amazing if you look at how both have attacking squads. I like the duel between Messi and Muller. I see a German victory.”



"I was very lucky to meet Lionel Messi at the Ballon D'or in 2013. He was so lovely and it would be amazing for him to win with Argentina, however my allegiance has to lie with Germany. I have had so much support in Germany and Jogi Low came to my gigs and told me that before matches, the German team listen to my music. This means I'm hoping for a German victory and I predict the score will be 3-1 to Germany.”



"Just hope the Final is going to be a reflection of this already fantastic and entertaining tournament. May the best team on the night win!" 




"I see Germany winning, but I really would like Argentina to do it, just for Messi.”


 


“Germany dominated the match from beginning to end against Brazil. I don't think Argentina will allow that. I expect a tough match.”


 


"Germany are the favourites if with look at their game, but they have to be wary of Messi, who can change a match om his own.”


 


"At the beginning of the tournament, I thought that it might be a Germany-Argentina Final and that Argentina would win. For his career it would be great for Messi to win it to emulate what Maradona did in 1986. But any team that wins a penalty shootout usually loses the next game, so you'd have to fancy Germany. So if you look at the stats and follow your head, it's Germany. If I stick with my original prediction it would be Argentina."


 
