http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=luiz-chile-have-pace-and-excellent-players-2383794.html
Luiz: Chile have pace and excellent players
Alexis Sanchez and the pace of Chile's forwards pose the major threat to Brazil's FIFA World Cup chances ahead of Saturday's round of 16 meeting between the South American rivals, according to Brazil defender David Luiz. 
"I wanted us to get through and now I am happy," said the 27-year-old after they beat Cameroon 4-1 in Brasilia on Monday to seal their place in the knockout stages. Of Saturday's impending clash with Jorge Sampaoli's impressive side in Belo Horizonte, he added: "Chile are a team who deserve to be there. They have a philosophy of playing good football. They have lots of pace and excellent players." 
Chile beat Australia and World Cup holders Spain in their first two matches before a 2-0 defeat to the Netherlands in Sao Paulo on Monday ensured them second place in Group B. As a result, they will play Brazil for the third time in just over a year - the sides drew 2-2 in Belo Horizonte in a friendly in April 2013, before a 2-1 Brazil win in Canada last November. 
However, Luiz added: "History counts for nothing. We want to win. What is the biggest threat that they pose? The whole team." 
Arturo Vidal and Alexis Sanchez are likely to have key roles if Chile are to get the better of the hosts and the latter is someone that Brazil striker Neymar knows well. "I always speak to Alexis on the phone. Now we are going to come up against each other," Neymar said, a club colleague of Sanchez at Barcelona. 
"History counts for nothing. We want to win. What is the biggest threat that they pose? The whole team."
David Luiz, Brazil defender
"Alexis is a star. I admire him a lot. He is a great player and we will need to be careful with him. We can't leave him any space." 
Against the constant movement of Chile's attack, Alves, another colleague of Sanchez at Barcelona, knows that he will need to be wary. "Alexis Sanchez is one of their most dangerous players. Of course Chile have others but Alexis makes the difference," said Alves, before insisting that Brazil are slowly emerging as genuine contenders to win the tournament. 
"We have been making strides ever since the first game. Now we have made it to the last 16 with confidence and that boosts our chances. Since the first game we have improved as we hoped to do." 
