http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=chile-eye-oranje-scalp-2381928.html
Chile eye Oranje scalp
Chile want to show once again against the Netherlands on Monday that they have the potential to go far in the 2014 FIFA World Cup™. 
The South Americans dispatched Australia 3-1 and beat defending champions Spain 2-0 in their opening two Group B games and ow want to clinch top spot with a victory over the Dutch. 
"If we play the way we did against Spain then I believe we can reach the final of the World Cup," Chile midfielder Arturo Vidal said to 
. "It's going to be a final against Holland. 
"Holland is a very fast team but we will try to take advantage of the spaces that they leave us. 
"I believe this is the best generation in the history of Chilean football and when we are together we are a very strong team. We face a very important rival but we believe in ourselves." 
Should Chile not win against the 
 in Sao Paulo, they will finish second and in all likelihood face tournament hosts Brazil in the last 16. 
"Whoever has to face Brazil in the next round will face a challenging task because they are considered favourites to win the World Cup in their own country," Vidal said. "We are very hungry to succeed and if we want to be champions we need to be prepared to face anyone." 

The Dutch need at least a point to finish first. The 
 thrashed defending champions Spain 5-1 in their group opener but struggled against Australia before clinching a 3-2 triumph. 
"Our main aim in a tournament like this one is to progress from the group stages," Holland coach Louis van Gaal said. "Now we want to finish first and that is going to be especially hard against Chile. 
"I knew beforehand that they would be our most difficult rival because they are impressive." 
Van Gaal is not surprised by Chile's strong start to the tournament. "Chile are incredibly intense and very organised," he said. "They have a fantastic coach (Jorge Sampaoli) who has convinced his players of the way to face games. 
"It's beautiful to see them play. I predict a game with a lot of goalscoring chances, just as, like Spain, Chile is a team extremely anxious to attack. I expect a very balanced game." 
