http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=lampard-undecided-on-retirement-2382103.html
Lampard undecided on retirement
Frank Lampard will wait until he returns to England before he decides whether to end his international career. When Roy Hodgson announced Lampard would lead England in their final match against Costa Rica on Tuesday, many took it as a sign that this would be the midfielder's international swan song. 
Lampard played every minute of England's previous two FIFA World Cup™ campaigns, but he has not yet featured at all in Brazil this summer. The 105-cap midfielder, who turned 36 last Friday, has not ruled out the possibility of carrying on playing for his country until Euro 2016, though. 
"I don't know whether I will (retire) or not," Lampard told 
. "I am going to get home and make a decision at that point because I have my own (club) future to sort out as well. 
"This is not the time and place to make the decision. Sometimes when you are away for a month you don't always come up with the right judgement." 
Should Lampard take up an offer to move to the United States, where he is wanted by New York City FC, his chances of playing for England would decrease as they did for David Beckham and Jermain Defoe. 
I am going to get home and make a decision
Frank Lampard, on England future
Lampard made the decision to leave Chelsea before flying out to Brazil with the England squad. Having enjoyed 13 successful years at Stamford Bridge, it was not a decision he took lightly, but Lampard shares Jose Mourinho's view that he will one day return to Stamford Bridge - possibly as manager. 
"That's nice," Lampard said when informed Mourinho had said he was convinced Lampard would one day manage Chelsea. 
"I have a good relationship with him, I always will," he said. "He was a big influence on my career and the club is special to me. I don't know what I will do after football but if there was any club I would want to manage then everyone knows who it would be. 
"It is nice to hear Jose say that. In any capacity I would love to be involved at Chelsea - whether it be as manager, or just going back watching from the stands. It has been my life for the past 13 years and it will continue to be no matter what happens in the future." 
  
