http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=henderson-we-ll-come-back-stronger-2382070.html
Henderson: We'll come back stronger
This has been another summer of disappointment for Jordan Henderson but one which the England midfielder is confident will make Roy Hodgson's side stronger. Having fallen at the group stage of the UEFA U-21's European Championship in 2011 and exited Euro 2012 with the seniors, the 24-year-old was last year captain of the Young Lions side that crashed in Israel. 
Defeats to Italy, Norway and the hosts saw Stuart Pearce's side return pointless from the U-21's European Championship, and Henderson faces the same fate in Brazil unless England can get a positive result from Tuesday's match against Costa Rica. 
The Three Lions' elimination is already certain following narrow 2-1 losses to Italy and Uruguay, although the Liverpool midfielder believes the manner in which they performed in those matches bodes well. 
"I'm sure everyone at home is feeling down," Henderson said. "We feel as though we have let a lot of people down, but at the same time we have shown people how well we can play in a big tournament with young players coming through. 
"We went out and played with no fear. We have a promising young side, hopefully we can gel together and in the future have many more happy memories. 
I'm sure the young lads here will learn from that and it will make them stronger and better as well.
Jordan Henderson, England midfielder
"It doesn't really get much bigger than playing in the World Cup. It's been an unbelievable experience, but no matter whether we've had highs or lows, you have to learn from it as best you can. I'm sure the young lads here will learn from that and it will make them stronger and better as well." 
Henderson is likely to drop out of the starting line-up against Costa Rica, with Hodgson planning to give game time to his squad players at the Mineirao Stadium. 
, the World Cup's surprise package, are also planning changes with their last-16 clash in mind, giving England what looks to be a great chance to get a morale-boosting victory. 
"We'll be approaching the game the same as we have the other two and that's to go out and win the game," Henderson told 
 
"We'll not prepare any differently because we are out of the competition, we'll go out and finish on a high and get a win. We don't want to go home losing all three games.  
"We want to show people how much we do really care and for everyone back home, give them some enjoyment in the final game. Give them something to shout about and put on a good performance." 
  
