http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=zaccheroni-japan-not-satisfied-2382108.html
Zaccheroni: Japan not satisfied
Japan coach Alberto Zaccheroni hopes his side can rediscover their attacking zest to prolong their FIFA World Cup™ campaign. The Asian champions face early elimination from the tournament in Brazil after failing to register a win their opening two games. 
Japan first conceded a lead before losing to Côte d'Ivoire in their Group C opener and then played out a drab goalless draw with Greece. They now head into their final group match against already-qualified Colombia in Cuiaba on Tuesday needing to win, while hoping Côte d'Ivoire slip up in their simultaneous clash with the Greeks. 
"We haven't had enough speed in our play and it's as though the players have been playing with the brakes on," Zaccheroni, the veteran Italian coach, told reporters. "The problem is probably mental. We're not satisfied with our performances so far. 
"This team has given lots of joy and satisfaction in previous matches over the past four years, so I'm hoping we can show that good part of our football against Colombia." 
The problem is probably mental. We're not satisfied with our performances so far.
Alberto Zaccheroni, Japan coach
Colombia top the group with six points from their opening two games while Côte d'Ivoire have three. Japan and Greece have a point apiece, with Zaccheroni's men boasting the superior goal difference. 
Yet while Japan may hope that Colombia ease up with their place in the last 16 assured, the South American side will want to lay down a further marker of their abilities. Colombia, back at the World Cup for the first time since 1998, struck three times against Greece and impressed again in their 2-1 defeat of Côte d'Ivoire. 
That has carried them into the knockout phase for the first time since 1990 and the world's eighth-ranked side want to continue the momentum. 
Forward James Rodriguez, who has scored in both games so far, said: "Why can't we be the revelation of the tournament? I hope we will be." 
  
