http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=hodgson-i-m-the-right-man-to-continue-2381174.html
Hodgson: I'm the right man to continue
Roy Hodgson remains confident he is the right man to manage England, despite overseeing the team's first FIFA World Cup™ group stage exit since 1958. Having suffered defeats to Italy and Uruguay, their hopes of qualifying for the Round of 16 were extinguished on Friday as Costa Rica shocked the 
. 
It has seen the England manager's position come under scrutiny, but the Football Association have given him their backing before the exit was rubber stamped. Numerous players have echoed that support and Hodgson himself is confident he is the right man for the job. 
"I think the players reacted to the work we have done," he said, when asked why he was the right man to carry on. "I think the fact we have brought in so many young players at the last minute, we didn't even have some of these players in November so has been quite a late emergence. 
"I think the players are a very, very strong group, a solid group. I believe they are more than accepting of the work we are trying to do, they share our belief, they share our goals, they share our vision. 
I think the players reacted to the work we have done.
Roy Hodgson, England manager 
"As a result of the backing of the FA and the people around me, I feel I am the right man to continue." 
Former England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson is one of those who feel Hodgson is fortunate to keep his job after the World Cup campaign. Asked if in such a brutal trade he felt fortunate to get such backing from his employers, he told a packed press conference, "Of course I am very pleased to have had that backing. Scapegoats are always necessary in times of failure and one understands that after being in football for a long time. 
"But one would like to think that the work that you do is judged over a long period of time and it's not quite so cynical that you work for two years, you work every day, you do a lot of things in terms of preparation and it all boils down to the referee deciding whether you should or shouldn't have a penalty. 
"You'd like to think that the people who are judging you are judging you on your ability, what you bring to the job and what qualities you have and what you can do for them going forwards." 
  
