http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=hazard-we-didn-t-play-well-2381436.html
Hazard hails late Belgian improvement
Eden Hazard admitted Belgium did not play well in their 1-0 victory over Russia but insisted that the result was all-important to secure qualification for the knockout rounds of the FIFA World Cup™.
 
The Chelsea midfielder created the only goal for 19-year-old striker Divock Origi two minutes from time to settle a tight contest against Fabio Capello's side. 
Hazard, who came alive during the final ten minutes and threatened several times before the goal, said: "It was a difficult match but we are very happy with the result and the victory today means we have already qualified and still have one match to go in the group. 
"We will now aim for three wins in this group campaign. We didn't play a very good match but the last ten minutes were better and maybe the Russian defence got tired and we got more space for the substitutes, who were fresh, to exploit. 
"I felt fit, though - I'm in good shape and as I often make the difference towards the end of the match it shows I am still fresh." 
We didn't play a very good match but the last ten minutes were better.
Eden Hazard, Belgium midfielder
Belgium coach Marc Wilmots said it was "a highly tactical game" and that he might rest players for the third game against Korea Republic if they were tired or on yellow cards. 
He said: "We were fresher, we were better and that made the difference - maybe due to our very good fitness preparations. We want to be number one in the group but if there are yellow cards or for reasons of freshness, I may make a decision." 
Origi had come on for Romelu Lukaku after 55 minutes and the Chelsea striker trooped off the field looking hugely disappointed. 
Wilmots added: "If he has to go off after 55 minutes, he's not happy of course - that's natural. It's not a problem, it's normal and it happened to me as well. 
"I understand his reaction completely and I will analyse things with him, but I need all my players and the truth of today is not always the truth of tomorrow." 
