http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=7/news=superstars-celebrate-brazil-2014-2404817.html
Superstars celebrate Brazil 2014
Sir Mick Jagger knows what it’s like to play in sold out stadiums around the world, so The Rolling Stones frontman felt right at home when talking to 
 moments before Sunday’s FIFA World Cup™ Final at Estadio Maracana. 
With reigning champions Spain, four-time winners Italy and his beloved England exiting before the knockout phase, Jagger says the surprise eliminations set the stage for what many have called one of the best FIFA World Cups ever. 
“It’s been a great tournament I think. There’s been a few surprises, which is what people like,” Jagger said. "The first surprise is all teams getting knocked out, like Spain — that’s sort of never happened. So then you’ve got other teams coming through, you’ve got Colombia coming through, Costa Rica winning the group, these were quite exciting moments. Algeria did well [too]." 
The Englishman is at his second successive FIFA World Cup having attended some games at South Africa 2010 – including sitting next to former USA President Bill Clinton during USA’s defeat to Ghana in the Round of 16. 
“It’s been a fantastic atmosphere,” Jagger said of Brazil 2014. “South Africa was a great atmosphere but this is a great atmosphere because it’s obviously such a big footballing country." 
It’s been a great tournament
Sir Mick Jagger, lead singer of The Rolling Stones
Jagger said that he has been impressed by goalkeepers during the tournament, particularly Germany’s Manuel Neuer, Costa Rica’s Keylor Navas, Mexico’s Guillermo Ochoa, and USA’s Tim Howard.  
“Ochoa was great, everyone liked his performances,” he said. “The ‘keepers have been impressive. They’ve been outstanding.” 
Another celebrity at Estadio Maracana prior to the Final between Gemany and Argentina was Hollywood actor Ashton Kutcher, who has also been enjoying his time in Rio de Janeiro. 
"It's amazing to be here in Brazil. This is the greatest sporting event in the world,” Kutcher said. “It's a time when the world gets together to celebrate this sport and this competition. The atmosphere is incredible, there are a lot of people here and they're all very excited. There's a reason why football is the biggest sport in the world, and the world is rallying around the World Cup.” 
While Kutcher’s sporting interest is usually more Chicago Bears than Chicago Fire, the 'No Strings Attached' star is happy to see football becoming more popular in his homeland. 
“I'm a casual fan of the game, the sport is developing all the time in the States and I'm enjoying watching it grow." 
