http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=van-gaal-we-definitely-want-to-avoid-brazil-2380956.html
Van Gaal: We definitely want to avoid Brazil 
Before this FIFA World Cup™, many predicted that the Netherlands would not survive to see the Round of 16. As it was, they were the first nation to book their place.  
Having done so from a section that includes reigning champions Spain, Chile and an Australia team they had never previously beaten, it was hardly surprising to find coach Louis van Gaal found purring with contentment. However, as he told 
, he anticipates the 
final Group B game against the in-form Chileans being their toughest yet, and is desperate to avoid a possible showdown with the hosts.  
 


More than satisfied. The main aim in such a tournament is to you get through the group stage. We are in a very difficult group and we were the first team at the World Cup to qualify - for me, that is unbelievable. Now of course we want to finish first, and that is going to be tough enough against Chile. I had expected in advance that they would be our toughest opponents because they are very impressive.  
In my opinion, Australia were only given a chance as a result of our sloppiness. Ball retention was our biggest problem. That said, Australia didn't actually create too many chances. We created infinitely more and could have easily won 4-2 or 5-2. That is what everyone forgets: a match lasts 90 minutes. Messi scored against Iran in the last minute - that's part of the game.  
No, it simply has to do with quality. Australia played a very passionate game and were very tight, which resulted in less time and space for my players. That means you need a great deal of quality to be able to break through. We didn't really show that quality but, who knows, we might do so against Chile.  
Of course. If you keep winning despite that [sloppiness] then it will be an advantage because the players will accept [criticism and advice] more easily. It falls on fertile ground, as we would say in the Netherlands.  
They are incredibly passionate and extremely well-organised. And they play on the attack. I think they have a fantastic coach, who has persuaded his players to play football. They carry out his instructions in a passionate and persuasive way and it is beautiful to see.  
I foresee a lot of opportunities because, like Spain, they are extremely eager to attack. They are also a team which always trusts in their own abilities. That could provide us with some opportunities from which we might be able to benefit. 




I think both teams are equally strong. I expect it to be 50-50.  
Definitely. If I were allowed to choose, I'd rather not play against Brazil, although Croatia or Mexico aren't bad opponents either. But I think at a World Cup the host country always has an advantage.  
Well, so far I think that the strikers who perform so well in Europe - [Luis] Suarez, Messi, [Thomas] Muller, [Karim] Benzema, but also our strikers, [Arjen] Robben and Van Persie - have really shown their worth to their teams. I think it's been a long time since that that was the case [at a World Cup]. It's really impressive that these players, despite the high expectations and pressure on them, have still been able to show what their true value is.  
