http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=loss-leaves-gerrard-clutching-at-straws-2378180.html
Loss leaves Gerrard 'clutching at straws'
Steven Gerrard knows England are now "clutching at straws" after a defeat by Uruguay which leaves them facing a FIFA World Cup™ group exit for the first time in 56 years.
 
Luis Suarez exposed the Three Lions' defence on Thursday, punishing mistakes to render Wayne Rooney's first FIFA World Cup goal worthless. 
The result leaves England teetering dangerously over the precipice, with Gerrard all too aware that their elimination will be confirmed should Italy and Costa Rica draw their Group D clash on Friday. 
"Italy are a fantastic team and capable of winning both games but we're clutching at straws," the captain said. 
"The position we're in is the position we didn't want to be in coming into the tournament, relying on other people's results. It's very difficult at the moment. 
"We'll have to wait and see what happens in tomorrow's fixture. The manager will have to wait and see what happens before deciding what he is going to do. 
When we got the equaliser today we just needed to be a bit more clever, a bit more cute and a bit more difficult to beat.
Steven Gerrard, England captain
"If there's nothing to play for then I don't know if he'll play a completely different team. But it's a very tough moment, at this moment." 
The 34-year-old continued: "It is frustrating. We never managed the game well enough when we got the equaliser. We can't give chances to Luis Suarez because he buries them from that position. 
"It's a really tough moment for everyone in the dressing room but we need to be professional, keep fighting and pray for that scoreline to go for us. 
"[We are] sort of frustrated because looking at the two games and how we have performed we sort of deserve something out of either one of them if not both of them. 
"I don't think I am standing here saying we were poor in both games and our gameplan was wrong. I just thought when we got the equaliser today we just needed to be a bit more clever, a bit more cute and a bit more difficult to beat. 
"Maybe accept that going for a point might have been the best option. But they were weak at the back and they were there for the taking. Once we got the equaliser we tried to use the initiative to get the second." 
