http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=hondurans-won-t-settle-just-for-history-2378049.html
Hondurans won't settle just for history
Honduras coach Luis Suarez believes his side can not only deliver the nation's first ever FIFA World Cup™ win against Ecuador on Friday, but also make it to the Round of 16 at the expense of Switzerland or France.
 
Suarez led Ecuador to the second round for the first time in their history in 2006 and, despite a disappointing 3-0 defeat by France in their opening game, the 54-year-old is confident the Hondurans can respond in style. 
"We know that qualifying will be very difficult, but it has been a long road for the players and the coaching staff to get here and we don't want it to end now," he said. 
Honduras have not scored a goal in their last five FIFA World Cup matches, dating back to their inaugural appearance in 1982. However, Suarez insists he will not settle for just breaking that drought in Curitiba. 
"We are aware of what we are playing for," he continued. "It is very easy to think we could score a goal and be epic and historic, but I don't think that is the idea of this team. 
It has been a long road for the players and the coaching staff to get here and we don't want it to end now.
Luis Suarez, Honduras coach
"The idea of the group is to do more and achieve great things. The idea is to win the thoughts of the people. I am so proud of this group and know that they will give everything." 
Honduras will be without experienced midfielder Wilson Palacios after he was sent off in the first half against France for two bookable offences. 
Suarez confirmed that former Hibernian midfielder Jorge Claros will replace his team-mate - and he too welcomed the challenge of rewriting the history books. 
"We are aware of the challenge we face and we are enjoying it. It is a privilege to be at a World Cup," he said. "To win games you have to score goals and you have to play well; we know it won't be easy but we leave the statistics to one side. 
"Some of the players and coaches are different to the past and we want to win this game to be in with a chance of qualifying for the next round. We will give everything for the shirt of our country." 
