http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=7/news=basanta-we-have-to-enjoy-the-final-2404142.html
Basanta: We have to enjoy the Final
Argentina defender Jose Maria Basanta believes that his team have been "touched by a magic wand" and has urged his colleagues to enjoy Sunday's FIFA World Cup Final against Germany. 
The left-back also told Saturday's pre-game press conference at the Maracana in Rio de Janeiro that the chance to play in a World Cup final was a dream. 
"The dream is a dream that belongs to all," said Basanta. "We've been touched by a magic wand and we have to enjoy this moment. It's once-in-a-lifetime, a dream come true, but we have to enjoy it. It will be over very quickly." 
Germany defeated Brazil 7-1 in the semi-finals, but Argentina have gone over six hours without conceding a goal and Basanta feels his side should draw heart from their defensive displays. 
"We've seen how Germany play throughout the World Cup. They're a well-balanced team in everything they do," said the 30-year-old, who is competing with Marcos Rojo to start at left-back. 
We have a huge dream and we hope we can turn it into reality.
Jose Maria Basanta, Argentina defender
"We also talk about emotional balance, and this characterises Germany. They are one of the best teams in world but we also have to think of ourselves. I believe in the knockout phase, the team have been very solid. We haven't left spaces open for our opponents, and we'll have to do that tomorrow (Sunday)." 
Sunday's game is a repeat of the 1990 final in Rome, which West Germany won 1-0 thanks to a late penalty, but Basanta dismissed suggestions that Argentina were on a revenge mission. 
"We want to write a new story," he said. "It was very painful, we know what happened. We have to be very concentrated, we're all motivated, and we want to make tomorrow's story a positive story. 
"I think it would be something beautiful to go back to the people of Argentina with the cup. But we still have one more step to take. We have a huge dream and we hope we can turn it into reality." 
  
  
