http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=asamoah-let-me-attack-2376102.html
Asamoah: Let me attack
Kwadwo Asamoah has appealed to Ghana's coach Kwesi Appiah to put him back in a more attacking role ahead of a key FIFA World Cup™ clash against Germany. 
Asamoah, Ghana's footballer of the year for the past two years, was devastated by the Black Stars' 2-1 defeat by the United States on Monday. The 25-year-old was used as a left-sided defender in a loose 4-2-3-1 formation that did not work in the Group G clash. He has found it difficult to change from his normal role at Juventus as a wingback in a 3-5-2 formation.  
"I'm the kind of player who attacks a lot. My style is different, I'm not a typical defender," the Juventus midfielder told AFP. With World Cup survival probably hinging on Saturday's game against an ominously strong looking Germany, Asamoah feels he is being underused. 
"I attack, try to dribble one-on-one and make crosses and shots," added Asamoah. "I'm not a left back. And I'm finding it difficult because I'd like to show what I'm capable of and show that I can do more." 
I'm the kind of player who attacks a lot. My style is different, I'm not a typical defender.
Kwadwo Asamoah, Ghana
Asamoah is primarily known for surging runs up and down the left flank that allow him to help out in defence while creating goalscoring opportunities for Juventus stars Carlos Tevez and Fernando Llorente. He scored only two league goals last season, but one was a screamer from just inside the area that gave Juventus a precious 1-0 win over Fiorentina. 
Appiah has set a target of Ghana reaching the semi-finals in Brazil. They made the quarter finals in 2010 in South Africa having been beaten 2-0 by Germany in the group stage. But that looks a tall order after the defeat to the United States and Germany's crushing 4-0 win over Portugal. Defeat on Saturday would almost certainly mean the end of the campaign. 
Ghana's mediocre performance against the United States was followed by reports that the squad was upset by unpaid bonuses. After the game, Appiah played down suggestions, spread by social media, that there was unrest in the camp. 
"I'm surprised to hear this," he said. "I mean, fine. Some of the money hasn't been paid yet, but...if you look at the performance today, it's got nothing to do with money. We created a lot of chances but we didn't take them," according to the coach. 
  
  
