http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=lallana-we-can-beat-uruguay-2375682.html
Lallana: We can beat Uruguay
Adam Lallana knows it is "all-or-nothing" for England but is confident of kick-starting their FIFA World Cup™ campaign against Uruguay. Roy Hodgson's side earned many plaudits for the manner in which they excited and enthralled against Italy, yet Saturday's match ended in a frustrating 2-1 loss. 
Defeat to the four-time champions is no disgrace but leaves England needing a positive result against Uruguay in Sao Paulo on Thursday. Oscar Tabarez's side are in the same boat after suffering a 3-1 loss to Costa Rica, meaning defeat would all-but end either sides' hopes of making it out of Group D. 
"It's massive for us," England midfielder Lallana said. "We have to go all-out, but we know we need the win and we're confident. There were signs the other night that we're close and the lads know that it's all-or-nothing really. We've got great confidence in the camp and I'm certainly confident that we're going to get the win." 
He added: "We knew from the start that we'd be in a tough group and the Uruguayans are a tough team, but we're a strong team and we've got a great group of players. With just a few tweaks we can get this result." 
We've got great confidence in the camp and I'm certainly confident that we're going to get the win.
Adam Lallana on Uruguay test
Those adaptations were worked on during a closed training session at England's Rio de Janeiro training base on Tuesday. It appears those changes will see Wayne Rooney return to his favoured number 10 role against Uruguay, with Danny Welbeck playing on the left and Raheem Sterling wide right. 
"Roy's had a day with the whole squad, working on a few things that he wanted to get across to the group, but as I said there were positive signs," Lallana said. 
"We know we need to improve on the result, definitely, and on the performance if we can. If our performance is up there like it was the other night - and if we maybe work defensively on a couple of issues - then we're certainly confident of getting the three points." 
