http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=bernard-we-lacked-finishing-touch-2375336.html
Bernard: We lacked finishing touch
Brazil midfielder Bernard believes that the 0-0 draw against Mexico in Tuesday night's FIFA World Cup™ Group A fixture was a good result despite a frustrating performance from the tournament hosts. 
Mexico claimed a deserved point at Estádio Castelão in Fortaleza as Brazil failed to hit their straps and looked a pale imitation of the side that defeated Croatia 3-1 in the tournament opener. Mexico goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa was the star of the show with a series of good saves to keep the hosts out in a fantastic individual performance. 
Shakhtar Donetsk winger Bernard revealed after the match that he thought the goalless draw, which left both sides on four points, was a good result for his side. "What we made clear in the locker room is that the important thing is to win and the second is not to lose," the 21-year-old told Brazilian newspaper 
. "We went into the game knowing that a draw would not be a bad result." 
But Bernard felt that at times Brazil were not as confident on the ball as they could have been. "I think these are situations [of nervousness in exchanging passes] that happen sometimes. We have the ability to be more quiet with the ball. It has been like that in the (Conferations) Cup. We found the pass but lacked the finishing touch." 
We went into the game knowing that a draw would not be a bad result.
Bernard, Brazil
Ochoa, who was named man-of-the-match, almost single-handedly earned his side a point with a series of fine saves, which Brazil striker Fred said included "at least four miracles." Ochoa said: "It was very difficult, and I'm delighted leave the field with the zero on the scoreboard. It was the game of my life." 
Brazil coach Luis Felipe Scolari was less than impressed with only a point against Mexico, though, even if he did admit that his side did not deserve anything more. "Mexico had great physical strength and ball work, but we had chances in both halves," Scolari said. 
"In the end, 0-0 is not a good result, but it mirrors what the game was. The team has been good, but we are also facing selections of good quality. It is not a good result but you have to respect your opponents, who are very good." 
Chelsea midfielder Willian, who came on as a second-half substitute also hailed Mexico's performance before turning his thoughts to Brazil's final group game on 23 June. 
"The team played well, but Mexico had a great game too," he said. "Now we have to continue training, playing well and think about the team from Cameroon now. It will be difficult. There are no easy games in the World Cup. When it comes to Brazil, everyone wants to play. Hopefully we will leave with a positive result." 
  
