http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=fifa-fan-fest-passes-the-one-million-mark-2375808.html
FIFA Fan Fest passes the one million mark
Ever since the FIFA Fan Fest opened its doors to the public on the opening day of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™, fans from all over the world have been flooding into the 12 venues to watch matches live in stunning Brazilian locations. 



The three games which took place on Tuesday, 17 June saw the total attendance figure smash the one million mark, with a total of 1.3 million fans now having experienced the unique FIFA Fan Fest experience so far. 



There’s no doubt that for fans without tickets to the World Cup matches, the FIFA Fan Fest provides the second best place in town. And with settings such as the Copacabana Beach in Rio de Janeiro, Farol de Barra in Salvador and Iracema Beach in Fortaleza, who can blame them?



On a record-breaking day for the 2014 FIFA Fan Fest, 430,000 fans descended upon FIFA Fan Fest venues in all 12 Host Cities, with entertainment not only centred on the football matches. Live cultural performances, music shows from top Brazilian artists and activities provided by FIFA’s Commercial Affiliates help to ensure that the FIFA Fan Fest experience is a true entertainment extravaganza.



“The FIFA Fan Fest has been a huge success so far,” said FIFA’s Marketing Director Thierry Weil. "It’s a truly special experience to see football fans from all over the world joining together to celebrate world football’s most exciting event.



"We would like to thank the Host Cities and the FIFA Fan Fest Sponsors for their huge contribution to the Brazilian population and international visitors. This has resulted in the provision of fantastic locations where fans can celebrate football together at an event which has established itself as an integral part of the FIFA World Cup.” 



The 2006 and 2010 editions of the FIFA World Cup saw a total of 24 million fans enjoy the action at the FIFA Fan Fest. 
