http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=7/news=bra-x-ned-o-que-eles-disseram-2404391-2404470.html
Brazil-Netherlands: Quotes
This game came around very quickly for us. We’ve had just three days to rebuild the team after the huge disappointment of dropping out of the hunt for a title we’d been aiming to win. We had to try and see the light at the end of the tunnel and today we did. Despite the resistance put up by Brazil, we won the game and that was marvellous. We’ve scored 15 goals over this campaign and I think that it’s unfair that we went out. Even so, we had a fantastic tournament. I’m proud of my team and my staff. I’d like to thank the Brazilian people, their authorities and FIFA for a really well organised tournament. We were always able to do things the way we wanted to.  

We haven’t ended the competition well. We had the impression that it was going to be a very even game, but we conceded an early goal and that tipped the balance in their favour. I don’t think that we played badly though, and I think the players deserve credit for what they achieved out on the pitch. The team battled and created chances. The one who will decide my future is the President [of the CBF]. We agreed beforehand that, once the competition was over, win or lose, we’d hand the reins to the FA directors [while a decision is made]. We’re going to finish off our report, hand it in to the President, and he’ll know what to do next
 



 

First of all, I’d like to thank all the Brazilian people for the support they gave us. It was a great honour to play here, a once-in-a-lifetime experience. Winning this game was the best way to round off our campaign. There’s no doubt we deserved to finish third, and nobody would have expected it [before the tournament]. It was a great achievement. We beat Brazil 3-0 in a game which was very tough for them mentally following their heavy defeat against Germany, but I wish them all the best for the future. I don’t know what’s going to happen between now and Russia 2018. There’s still four years to go, which is a long time, so we’ll see. Speaking for myself, if I’m still enjoying my football and I’m still in good enough shape I’m going to want to play. It’s always an honour to play for the national team.
 
  
