http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=informacoes-de-transporte-manaus-2367614-2372567.html
Transport information: Manaus
Timed to coincide with the start of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™, Manaus City Council has set up a special programme of transit, transport, health, street cleaning and social support services. The programme came into operation on Thursday 12 June both at Ponta Negra – the venue of the FIFA Fan Fest™ – and the Arena da Amazonia. 

Manaus City Council’s Urban Transport Department (SMTU) has created a number of special bus services running directly to the stadium from eight locations across the city. Only fans attending matches at the Arena da Amazonia are entitled to use the services. In order to do so they must show their match tickets on boarding the buses. A fleet of 77 buses will operate from midday on the eight lines. 

The lines run along both trunk roads and ring roads. The trunk-road routes serve the north and east of the city and depart from the Integração Cidade Nova (T3), Jorge Teixeira (T4) and São José (T5) terminals, while the ring-road routes operate in the city’s western, southern and central southern districts, without running through any transport interchanges.



Two lines run from the city centre: one from Rua Simón Bolívar, next to Praça da Saudade, and the other from Avenida Eduardo Ribeiro, close to Praça da Matriz. Further services will operate from the pedestrianised section of the Complexo Turístico da Ponta Negra, the Centro Cultural Povos da Amazônia (Bola da Suframa) and from Aleixo, on Avenida André Araújo, close to the State Treasury Office (Sefaz).





Manaustrans, Manaus City Council’s Transit Engineering and Monitoring Department, recommends that fans avoid parking their cars in prohibited areas and make use instead of the private car parks at Ciesa, Amazonas Shopping, Millennium Shopping and Plaza Shopping. Fans can access the stadium on foot via Avenida Djalma Batista, Pedro Teixeira, Constantino Nery and Lóris Cordovil. The Military Police are responsible for controlling the entry of spectators to the Arena da Amazonia. Only ticket holders will gain admission to the stadium.  
