http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=del-bosque-changes-may-be-solution-2372427.html
Del Bosque: Changes may be solution
Spain coach Vicente del Bosque is considering making changes to his line-up for Wednesday's FIFA World Cup™ Group B game against Chile after analysing their 5-1 dismantling at the hands of the Netherlands. 
The defending champions head to the Maracana in Rio de Janeiro needing not only a win but also a vastly-improved performance after being torn apart by the Dutch. 
Del Bosque has now taken the time to study that defeat and admits he may switch some players around, although he refused to play the blame game. 
"There may be some changes," Del Bosque said. "However, we don't want to rush into things. 
"If I made a change, it wouldn't be to point the finger at someone. This is a short tournament and we would look to find the best solution." 
Del Bosque is reluctant, however, to replace goalkeeper Iker Casillas despite a display against the Dutch that the captain described as the worst game of his career. 
There may be some changes. This is a short tournament and we would look to find the best solution.
Vicente Del Bosque, Spain coach
"As always Casillas has given proof of his captaincy and his commitment to the national team," Del Bosque said. 
"I remember when I came back to the changing room after the press conference, he was talking to his team-mates, acting as a captain." 
In reflecting on a stunning first match experience of the tournament, Del Bosque also insisted that every Spanish player who has travelled to Brazil deserved to do so. 
"We have brought 16 of our 23 players that are world champions," he said. "They have taken part in qualifying and have reached the semi-finals of the Champions League and done well in La Liga. 
"We have brought them because we are convinced that they are the best, even if others may have a different opinion. We do have seven new players." 
Del Bosque's team defeated Chile 2-1 in the group stages of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, having lost their opener against Switzerland 1-0. 
"We have enough experience," the coach added. "We have to combat their way of playing because Chile are a team that puts a lot of dangerous pressure." 
