http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=joinin-the-brazil-2014-experience-2367685.html
#JoinIn the Brazil 2014 experience
The 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ is now just a matter of hours away and to mark the occasion FIFA have launched an updated version of the 
 for mobile and tablet devices. The new-look design has everything you need to make Brazil 2014 a novel and interactive experience, and is free of charge.







Downloaded over 4.5 million times, with 26 million visits and over 240 million page views, the FIFA App has been revamped to allow you the chance to experience the World Cup as if you were really there. Take the tournament with you wherever you go thanks to the Powerade Match Alerts, and be the first to receive the team line-ups, notifications of goals, cards and major events during each match, in addition to having all the latest news and information delivered straight to your device. 



You can also enter the Global Stadium where you can #Joinin with millions of football fans across the planet and share your excitement about the tournament. Follow our Live Blog to stay up-to-the-minute with the latest text and photo coverage from Brazil and explore the Social Network Centre, which not only includes the accounts of the world’s biggest stars, but the names of the trending players at any given moment, the countries with the most users and much more besides. 



Using the FIFA App, which has been given a four-star rating, you can vote for the official Budweiser Man of the Match in each of the 64 games. There is also an opportunity to win the actual kick-off ball from the fixtures and to get your hands on incredible prizes from a variety of games: McDonald’s World Cup Fantasy, Castrol’s Predictor Challenge, Your XI, Dream Team as well as the adidas Golden Ball and Hyundai Young Player Predictors. 



Delve deeper into the tournament with detailed profiles of all the teams and players as well as the awards they are competing for. There is also a wealth of features on the Host Country and the cities that are staging the matches. All of this is on top of 
’s usual breaking news, exclusive interviews, photos and videos, plus live scores from 197 leagues across the globe. 
 
Keep track of the latest FIFA/Coca-Cola World Ranking and learn how FIFA lives out its passion for developing the game and for building a better future with features from our projects the world over.  
Download the 
 and start experiencing Brazil as if you were really there. #Joinin! 
