http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=hart-i-take-nothing-for-granted-2368690.html
Hart: I take nothing for granted
Joe Hart believes there are a host of goalkeepers capable of replacing him for both club and country, with that competition fuelling his determination to have a successful FIFA World Cup™. It has been a topsy-turvy campaign for the 27-year-old, who was displaced at Manchester City by Costel Pantilimon. 
However, rather than wilt, Hart fought his way back into Manuel Pellegrini's side and helped them to the English Premier League crown - success he had little time to revel in with a World Cup to think about. Four years after being third-choice, he is now England's undisputed number one and intent on keeping it that way by helping the Three Lions enjoy a successful summer. 
"I am really enjoying what I am doing and really enjoy the opportunities that are coming my way," Hart said, speaking ahead of Saturday's Group D opener against Italy. "I am well aware that can change really quickly as I am with two sides they can pick from any goalkeeper they want. 
"England have got an amazing array of goalkeepers. We've got two here alongside me, who I think any team around the world would want. Obviously at Manchester City they are capable of buying or bringing in whoever they want, whoever they need to. 
"I've got to be at my best, I've got to be working hard and you've got to stay level-headed otherwise it can go wrong." 
You've got to stay level-headed otherwise it can go wrong.
Joe Hart, England goalkeeper
Hart will not have to worry about Pantilimon next season given he has left City, nor, it seems, does he need to be concerned about his England rivals. Ben Foster last week said there was no competition between the goalkeepers as he knew his role was back-up to Hart, with Fraser Forster filling the role as third choice. 
"Ben is a fantastic goalkeeper and we're really lucky that, as a unit, we've got a lot of respect for each other on and off the field," Hart said.  
"He has been absolutely fantastic since he's come back in, a real breathe of fresh air, and the same goes for Fraser [Forster] as well. We work well as a group. We get the best out of each other and want the best for each other. If Ben was to play, he would have my utmost support and I would want him to do well. 
"We realise what an opportunity this is. They don't come around all the time but, like I say, we're just trying to get the best from it and I think the best way of doing that is to work hard and work well as a team." 
  
  
