http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=cafu-advice-for-castrol-challenge-participants-2368092.html
Cafu advice for Castrol Challenge participants
The time for talking is over. The 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ is upon us, with the 32 participating nations set to battle it out for the biggest prize in football. It is not just the 736 players who will be going for glory in the next few weeks, however. You, too, have the chance to show your talent and win some incredible prizes with the Castrol FIFA World Cup Predictor Challenge. 
The Castrol Challenge is a fantastic opportunity to follow the tournament in a new and entertaining way by making predictions for all the games. Here to help you predict the group-phase matches is official Challenge ambassador Cafu.  
The former Brazil wing-back told 
 “The first thing participants have to do is study all the teams and assess everything from their tactics and form to their head-to-head records with their opponents. That’s the first step to success.” 
Competitors have already started taking the two-time FIFA World Cup winner’s advice and have begun making their predictions for the Opening Match between Brazil and Croatia.  
How many goals will be scored in the Brazil-Croatia match? How many throw-ins will be awarded? And which team will be awarded more free-kicks? These are just some of the match situations that you can predict, and the 1994 and 2002 world champion had no doubts about answering the first question. 
Cafu said: “Who’s going to win? It’s going to be very tough but Brazil will win. We have to play our usual game, because there’s no doubt that the quality is there. Our last friendly against Serbia showed us that we can’t afford to get over-confident, and that means that we will be fine. So I’m definitely predicting a Brazilian win.”  
A golden question giving competitors the chance to double their points, will also be revealed 24 hours before kick-off.  
Aware of how tough the Challenge is, Cafu sought to give participants another helping hand before he signed off: “Brazil will win all three of their group matches. I’m feeling pretty confident about that.”


 
 
