http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=countless-content-and-games-galore-on-fifa-com-2365386.html
All you need to #JoinIn with the #WorldCup
With Brazil 2014’s Opening Match only two days away, the demand for FIFA World Cup™ coverage is continuing to grow. As a result, 
 provides users access to an unprecedented amount of exclusive World Cup content on both the 
 and the 
 of the website and also via the 
. 
In addition to reviewing the 
, you can view 
 and 
 of all in action, in training, at their base camps around Brazil and in those special behind-the-scenes moments only available on 
We also have in-depth 
 available for the 32 teams, 32 coaches and all 736 players so you can learn more about the side you support, their opponents in the Group Stage or any other Brazil 2014 competitor.  
 also offers an extensive 
 hub, highlighted by our 
, which will give users an unforgettable and unique World Cup matchday experience. The Global Stadium allows you to, among many other features, be the first to see the actual team sheets and follow the match live with up-to-the-minute commentary. Our external social media platforms also include 
, 
, 
 and 
. We are asking everyone to #Joinin and be a part of the FIFA World Cup experience together. 
There are also a wide range of games, challenges and interactive areas of 
 users have been enjoying in the build up to the World Cup. Some great prizes are available to win when you participate, including Brazil jerseys signed by Neymar, a Sony television and adidas Brazuca kick-off footballs, just to name a few. 
 lets you build your starting XI out of your favourite Brazil 2014 players, buy and sell footballers and score points to make your way to the top of the leaderboard. You can also select your 
 presented by Oi and choose your ultimate squad with the best and brightest World Cup stars. Submit your team featuring any players you like using a fixed 4-3-3 formation and be entered into a random prize draw. 
Have you ever wanted to know what it feels like to be one of the 32 coaches at the World Cup? Now you have that chance with 
 presented by Hyundai, where you can sit in the hot seat and select a tactical formation and starting line-ups for each team at every match. The 
 gives you the chance to win an actual adidas Brazuca from one of the Brazil 2014 matches. Simply answer three questions related to the match and if you answer them all correctly, you will be entered into the draw to win. 
The 
 allows you to collect your favourite players in this classic sticker swapping game, but with an online twist. Open packs of digital stickers, swap with friends and the rest of the 
 community to complete your set and win some outstanding prizes. 
Get involved with each match with the 
, where you are tested on every aspect of your football knowledge. For a chance to win an actual match ball used during the Final at the Maracana on 13 July, choose who you think will win be named as the World Cup’s best player using the 
. Similarly, once the shortlist of candidates are announced on 10 July, you will be able to submit your guess for the tournament’s brightest young star with the 
. 
 With so much to take in during the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil, 
is your one-stop for everything World Cup-related. So, be sure to check back regularly and take in the latest news and updates from Brazil, review your fantasy team, enter your predictions and interact with your fellow Club members for an enjoyable and memorable Brazil 2014 experience anywhere in the world! 
