http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=transport-arrangements-sao-paulo-2367979.html
Transport arrangements: Sao Paulo
The opening match of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ on Thursday will feature special transport arrangements organised by FIFA, the Local Organising Committee (LOC), state and city governments, and a number of public safety agencies. The aim of these arrangements is to guarantee the safety and comfort of the more than 60,000 supporters that will be present at the Arena de Sao Paulo for the game.  
For the opening match and the other five games in Sao Paulo, the best way to reach the Arena de Sao Paulo is via public transport, especially the metro and train network, as the main road access routes to the stadium will be closed to traffic. No unaccredited vehicles, including taxis, will be allowed access to restricted routes. On match days in Sao Paulo, access to the area around the Arena will be limited to supporters with tickets, registered residents and accredited vehicles. Parking areas, which offer 2,850 spaces, will only be available to such vehicles (especially buses and vans). 
To get to the Arena de Sao Paulo, supporters with disabilities and reduced mobility can request the Special Assistance Service (Atende), which offers free, door-to-door transport. The supporter should make his or her way to the Corinthians-Itaquera Station and go to the Terminal Urbano de Itaquera. The Atende vehicle will then take the fan to the entrance of the stadium. For further information, see this special 
 
By buying a single R$3.00 ticket, passengers will be entitled to use both CPTM and Metro trains. It is recommended that fans buy their tickets in advance. For the World Cup, the Metro and CPTM will offer two parallel lines to meet the needs of supporters travelling to the stadium: Metro line 3–Red and CPTM line 11–Coral. 
Supporters whose tickets indicate the “LESTE” (“East”) entrance should take the CPTM Expresso da Copa (“World Cup Express”) train, which departs from platform 4 of Luz station (Line 11-Coral) and runs to Corinthians-Itaquera station, which is located 900 metres from the stadium. The train will not stop at other stations and the estimated journey time is 19 minutes. The Expresso will start running 12:00. After the match, the estimated journey time is 23 minutes, with stops at Tatuape and Bras stations. The final destination of the train will be platform 3 at Luz station. 
Supporters whose tickets indicate the “OESTE” (“West”) entrance of the stadium should use Line 3-Red of the Metro and leave the train at Arthur Alvim station, which is also located 900 metres from the stadium.  
For the opening match on 12 June and other games taking place in Sao Paulo, EMTU/SP will offer an express “Airport Bus Service” from Guarulhos International Airport to the Arena de Sao Paulo, with departures every 30 minutes. The service will begin 7 hours before the match and finish 4 hours after the final whistle. The buses are air-conditioned, with comfortable, reclining seats. The estimated journey time is 30 minutes and the fare is R$ 36.50, plus a boarding fee of R$ 1.50. A city bus service also runs between Guarulhos International Airport and the Tatuape metro station. The estimated journey time is R$ 4.45. SPTRANS also operates line 609J-10 “Airport – Metro Sao Judas” (circular) bus line from Congonhas Airport, which runs every 10 minutes and operates throughout the World Cup. 
