http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=official-2014-fifa-world-cup-app-available-to-download-for-free-2368246.html
Official 2014 FIFA World Cup app available to download for free
The official FIFA World Cup™ app has launched with exclusive coverage from Brazil 2014, meaning fans can take the world’s biggest event with them wherever they go. The app, first released in December 2013, has been fully updated ready for the opening match of the tournament.  
The official app for Brazil 2014 is the essential companion, featuring live coverage from all 64 games. Fans can stay connected with the latest news, photos, videos, real-time voting on the official Man of the Match plus the chance to win the actual kick-off ball from the games. 
The official 2014 FIFA World Cup app is your virtual ticket to the global stadium. It’s the best way to #joinin with the biggest conversation on the planet.
Matt Stone, FIFA Head of Digital
The app is the virtual ticket for smartphone users to #joinin FIFA’s Global Stadium - the social, online and mobile hub for the World Cup. During the matches, fans can engage with friends, worldwide fans, players, coaches and celebrities from the in-app social media feed and could see themselves in the Global Stadium, by adding #WorldCup to their posts.  
Fans can also keep track of all the tournament stats, the FIFA/Coca-Cola World Ranking, 197 world leagues and explore how FIFA brings to life its passion for developing the game and building a better future with stories from our worldwide projects.  
Matt Stone, FIFA Head of Digital, commented: “The official 2014 FIFA World Cup app is your virtual ticket to the global stadium. It’s the best way to #joinin with the biggest conversation on the planet - only the World Cup and digital can make this happen. It’s the perfect companion both for TV viewers and for audiences on the move.” 



Click 
 to start your 2014 FIFA World Cup journey




 


 is the world’s official digital home of the World Cup and the online heart of football. It is also a one-stop shop for retail, event ticketing, accommodation and hospitality. 



Via our official app and social media accounts, we encourage the billions of football fans to #joinin and share the excitement of the #WorldCup in FIFA’s Global Stadium. 



Constantly updated, FIFA.com offers the latest news, live scores from 197 world leagues, video highlights, historical data, exclusive interviews, behind-the-scenes access and – through the free FIFA.com Club – a global meeting point for people who love football. 
