http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=official-fifa-world-cup-account-launches-on-instagram-2362876.html
Official FIFA World Cup account launches on Instagram
FIFA has launched its official 
 account on Instagram to share the best imagery from Brazil and for football supporters across the globe to share their World Cup celebrations on social media. 
Fans can see and share exclusive back-stage pictures from the 12 stadiums in Brazil and the very best photography from the cities, beaches and fans at the event.  
The account will also be promoting #myworldcup, whereby fans can upload photos showing how they are watching and enjoying the tournament. The best photos will be shared on FIFA.com’s social hub, which brings together fans, teams, players, coaches and celebrities from across the globe. 
The 
 Instagram account complements FIFA’s existing strong presence on social media.  In April 2014, FIFA’s Facebook pages reached over 280 million users, the World Cup page currently has more than 20 million fans, and there are currently more than seven million FIFA followers on Twitter, who frequently retweet and engage in conversation across the six language accounts. 
Matt Stone, FIFA Head of Digital  commented: “The official 2014 FIFA World Cup Instagram account will reach new audiences who love exclusive, beautiful  imagery from the tournament. We look forward to seeing how the fans are enjoying the event worldwide and sharing the best highlights across the official FIFA digital platforms.” 
FIFA.com is the world’s official digital home of the FIFA World Cup and the online heart of football. It is also a one-stop shop for retail, event ticketing, accommodation and hospitality. 
Via our official app and social media accounts, we encourage the billions of football fans to #JoinIn and share the excitement of the #WorldCup in FIFA’s Global Stadium. 
Constantly updated, FIFA.com offers the latest news, live scores from 197 world leagues, video highlights, historical data, exclusive interviews, behind-the-scenes access and – through the free FIFA.com Club – a global meeting point for people who love football. 
Details of FIFA’s core social media accounts, both for the FIFA World Cup, and other competitions, can be found on our 
. 
