http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=jagielka-i-posted-the-tweet-of-death-2359961.html
Jagielka: I posted the tweet of death!
England's defenders will analyse every aspect of Mario Balotelli's game over the next few days as they look to nullify the threat posed by Italy's danger man in Manaus. England landed in Rio de Janeiro on Sunday morning and they immediately began working on a plan to stop Balotelli. 
Manchester City fans will remember Balotelli most for his off-the-field antics, but they too know how dangerous a player he can be. The striker, who scored 18 goals for AC Milan this year, possesses raw pace, power and aggression - a lethal combination that has the potential to derail England's 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ campaign at the first hurdle. 
That is why England's backline will spend the rest of the week looking at ways to stop the striker in a series of video sessions laid on by coach Gary Neville, who is accustomed to picking players' games apart in his role as an analyst for 
show. 
"We have an idea already about the strikers we will face because we know them, but there is so much video to get hold of," said defender Phil Jagielka. "We have three video analysts and Gary Neville is more than capable of taking us through a video or two. It will be like [
], but with a personal touch - he cannot tell you off here! 
"We have all the equipment we need and we cannot look too far ahead as we have the Italy match. Hopefully we get that game out the way then look at Uruguay and then Costa Rica." 
He has fantastic ability and a fantastic shot on him, particularly the way these [World Cup] balls move. We will be desperate to make sure he is not able to strike from distance.
Phil Jagielka on Mario Balotelli
To accomplish that, England will have to contend with Balotelli, and Jagielka is well aware of the former Inter Milan forward's talent.



"He is a character but he scores goals," the Everton centre-back said. "He has fantastic ability and a fantastic shot on him, particularly the way these [World Cup] balls move. 
"We will be desperate to make sure he is not able to strike from distance. Hopefully we will make the right decisions and get the points." 

Jagielka is expected to start alongside Gary Cahill at the heart of England's defence on Saturday in Manaus, where the forecast is for temperatures to reach 30 degrees Celsius. Should he find himself out of the match day squad for whatever reason, Jagielka will not be tweeting like he did during Wednesday's 2-2 draw with Ecuador. 
Then Jagielka, who only joined the social media site five days ago, posted a picture of himself, Steven Gerrard and Daniel Sturridge, who were also rested for the friendly. The accompanying caption, which read, 'Pitch side with some of the lads, decent start from the boys!', proved to be something of a kiss of death for the team, who went 1-0 down to Enner Valencia's opener soon after the message was posted. 
"It was perfect timing," he said with a smile. "I was not involved and I wanted to wish the boys good luck and by the time I had worked out how to do it and pressed send, 30 seconds later Ecuador scored, so I have had a little bit of ribbing. It has been called the tweet of death!" 
