http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=deschamps-we-could-play-with-two-strikers-2367224.html
Deschamps: We could play with two strikers
France coach Didier Deschamps is confident he can field a side with two strikers after seeing Karim Benzema and Olivier Giroud combine well together in a 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil warm-up. 
France beat Jamaica 8-0 on Sunday with Benzema bagging a brace and Giroud also getting on the scoresheet. But with Deschamps preferring to play one central striker flanked by two wide players, it would seem the two are unlikely to line up together like they did against the hapless Caribbean minnows. 
But Deschamps says he would be confident they could perform together even against stronger opposition. "Of course that could work. If we have the ball it's less of a problem," he said. "But if we have less of the ball there needs to be greater (defensive) participation from the three attacking players." 
Real Madrid's Benzema played wide left against Jamaica, although he had the freedom to roam all across the front line, while Giroud stuck largely to a central position. When playing more capable opponents, though, a more disciplined set-up might be required. 
Yet Deschamps says he already knows who will line up in their opening Group E match against Honduras on Sunday. Asked if he knows his team, Deschamps said: "Yes, even though I've been given food for thought. I hope nothing happens in the week but I know how we're going to line up." 
We've lost a world class player, who's already played at World Cups. He's a player who makes a difference but there are others too.
Didier Deschamps on the loss of Franck Ribery
Whoever plays, Deschamps is expecting all his players to take a role in replacing the injured Franck Ribery, who misses the World Cup. Asked about those who consider France to be Ribery plus ten others, Deschamps replied: "They have the right to think that but right now it's a France team without Ribery. 
"It's up to us to show that we're able to be competitive. What's sure is that we've lost a world class player, who's already played at World Cups. He's a player who makes a difference but there are others too. I believe in them." 
As for Sunday's opponents, Deschamps said it would be unfair to brand them as overly aggressive, something England complained about after playing the central Americans in a friendly at the weekend. "That's part of their characteristics as a team, I saw their last match against England," said the former Juventus, Marseille and Monaco coach. 
"They're physically combative and we'll be ready for that but we've had messages about what the referees are going to do. If it goes over the line it will be punished, for them as it will for us. It's one of their strong points but not the only one. I wouldn't want to reduce Honduras to that, they have quality players up front." 
