http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=fuleco-continues-mascot-tradition-2355492.html
Fuleco continues mascot tradition
A ball has yet to be kicked at the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™, but it already has its first star.  Fuleco  has been a huge hit since being unveiled as the tournament's Official Mascot in September 2012 and, whatever happens on the field, he is sure to add to the occasion with his effervescent personality. This lively three-banded armadillo is also continuing a colourful tradition of FIFA World Cup mascots that began 48 years ago and has yielded some memorable characters in the decades since. 
 looks back. 
The original and, for many, still the best World Cup mascot, England’s lion – wearing a Union Jack jersey with ‘WORLD CUP’ emblazoned on the front - provided a traditional symbol of the 1966 hosts. World Cup Willie’s success ensured that he became a pioneer for mascots at major sporting events, setting the standard for his many successors. 
Following in Willie’s footsteps was Juanito, a boy decked out in a ‘Mexico 1970’ sombrero and the hosts’ famous green shirt. He provided a fittingly vibrant mascot for the first World Cup broadcast in colour. 
The 1974 hosts followed a similar theme, kitting out two boys in the hosts’ white shirts, one emblazoned with the letters WM (
, German for World Cup) and the other with the number 74. Tip and Tap offered an image of togetherness and friendship that was to be repeated 32 years later. 
For the third tournament in succession, organisers opted for the image of an enthusiastic young boy, with Gauchito again sporting the hosts’ iconic kit. His hat carried the words ‘ARGENTINA 78’ and he also wore a hankerchief and carried a whip, typical guacho symbols. 
There was a fruity them to Spain’s 1982 mascot, with Naranjito taking the form of an orange. Again, he was resplendent in his national team’s kit and also wore an especially wide grin. 
Mexico’s return as hosts also brought about a comeback for the sombrero, although this time it was not worn by a boy, but a giant chili pepper. Pique, who also sported a stereotypically Mexican moustache, also continued the theme of fruit and vegetables started by Naranjito. 
The 1990 edition heralded a significant departure from tradition as Italy ditched the mascot’s traditionally ‘cuddly’ form for a more modern structure. Ciao – named, of course, after the Italian greeting – was also the first and, to date, only mascot without a face, with designers opting instead for a stick figure in the colours of the Italian 
with a football for a head. 
There was another revolutionary development in 1994, when the United States' public voted for their tournament’s mascot. Their choice was Stryker, a dog kitted out in the hosts’ red white and blue with the competition logo displayed on his shirt. 
In 1998, France returned to World Cup Willie’s by opting for a recognised national emblem in the shape of a traditional Gallic rooster. One of the more colourful mascots to date, Footix’s bold blue body, red head and bright yellow beak made him a colourful addition to a memorable tournament. 
The first World Cup of the new millennium brought the first trio of mascots in a predictably futuristic effort from the famously innovative co-hosts. Orange, purple and blue, these animated creations participated in ‘Atomball’, a fictional football-like sport, with Ato the coach and Kaz and Nik his players. The three names were voted for by internet users and customers at McDonald's outlets in the host nations. 
users recently voted Goleo VI and Pille as their favourite mascots of the past five World Cups, showing the affection in which the 2006 duo are still held. After the high-tech imagery of 2002, this represented a return to a more traditional form of mascot, and also heralded a comeback for the lion, this time accompanied by an irrepressible talking football. 
This friendly leopard’s name is a composition of 'ZA', for South Africa, and 'kumi', which translated as "ten" in various languages across Africa. Football crazy, Zakumi dyed his hair green to camouflage himself against the green of the pitch. Though as we saw in South Africa, Zakumi was ever-present around the competition and helped celebrate the World Cup throughout the country. 

Finally to the mascot of the hour. Fuleco was born on 1 January 2000 (the very first Brazilian three-banded armadillo to be born in the new millennium!) The name Fuleco is a fusion of the words 'futebol' and 'ecologia'. The shell that protects him has evolved to represent the natural beauty of Brazil that he is so committed to protecting. The blue tones represent the sky and clear waters in and around Brazil, which are full of life.  As we have seen here, he has plenty to live up to, but Fuleco looks certain for a special place in World Cup history. 
Who has been your favourite FIFA World Cup mascot? Just click 'Add your comment' to join the debate. 
