http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=scolari-i-am-the-guy-who-picks-the-team-2355765.html
Scolari: I am the guy who picks the team
Luiz Felipe Scolari has defended his Brazil players after sections of the crowd booed them during a labored 1-0 win over Serbia on Friday. Fred scored the only goal of the game, just before the hour, to spare 
blushes.



"I think we come into the World Cup in good shape," said Scolari. "We are keen for things to get started now. 
"We've planned well in advance. Both teams went for it and I was very impressed with Serbia. When I saw their line-up at the start I knew it would be a tough match to win." 
I am the guy who picks the team. I am the guy who is paid for that.
Luiz Felipe Scolari
Scolari brushed off the restive reaction of the Sao Paulo crowd after the win, saying his team had got used to being booed by fans. 
"There were some (boos) in Goiania as well," he said, referring to the 4-0 win over Panama. "It's normal and the players don't take it to heart. I think of the 67,000 fans, 65,000 will go home satisfied." 
Asked to explain his substitution of Oscar, who enjoyed camp leave earlier in the week to attend the birth of his daughter, to give 45 minutes to Chelsea team-mate Willian, Scolari said pithily: "I am the guy who picks the team.



"I am the guy who is paid for that. I have good players in Oscar's position. I have an excellent team."





Forward Hulk said it was normal the players would not necessarily hit the heights all of the time as they look to hone their performances for the ahead of group matches against Croatia, Mexico and Cameroon. 
"This is normal, we are coming off some very tough training sessions," he said. "We have to make sure everything is right on the nail come June 12. It was a tough game and we only managed to get it under control once we had scored." 
Oscar said he had struggled to find his game. "The Serbians closed us down and gave us very little scape," he said. "I didn't show what I am capable of, but we have more time to work on things." 
He confessed he was aware of the media talk that Willian should perhaps start instead of him next week after some fine form in training in recent days. However, captain Thiago Silva insisted that the mood in the camp was calm. 
"[Oscar] is not down," he said. "I think he's even more motivated with the birth of [daughter] Julinha. Everybody is calm." 
