http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=world-champion-italy-netherlands-bosnia-herzegovina-cote-d-ivoire-arri-2355447.html
Former world champion Italy, Netherlands, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Côte d'Ivoire arrive in Brazil
The first of the seven world champions participating in the 2014 FIFA World Cup™, apart from hosts Brazil, arrived on Thursday, 6 June, in Brazil. Four-time champions Italy landed early morning at Base Aérea do Galeão, in Rio de Janeiro, to start the preparation for their first match against England on 14 June in Manaus. The Italians will train at Portobello Resort & Safari, in Mangaratiba, south of Rio de Janeiro state. Besides England, Italy will face Costa Rica (20 June) and Uruguay (24 June) in Group D. 
The Netherlands also landed on Thursday but at Rio International Airport. After their arrival, the delegation went straight to the hotel in Ipanema, Rio de Janeiro. The Dutch will play against Spain (13 June), Australia (18 June) and Chile (23 June). 
Meanwhile Côte d'Ivoire were the third team to arrive on Thursday in Campinas. As the first African nation to land in Brazil for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, Cotê D’Ivoire will prepare at Águas de Lindóia, in the state of São Paulo. On arrival at Viracopos International Airport, coach Sabri Lamouchi said that his team is ready to face Japan (14 June), Colombia (19 June) and Greece (24 June) in Group C. 
“I am happy with the two friendlies that we played before the World Cup against Bosnia-Herzegovina and El Salvador. They proved that we are in good shape and top condition for the competition. All the players are confident. We are ready to go now,” Lamouchi said. 
International star Didier Drogba is also confident: 
“This is our third time at the FIFA World Cup so that experience will show through. We know that fans in Côte d'Ivoire have great expectations about our team and we as players have great ambitions for this tournament too,” the African striker said. 
The last team to land on Thursday was Bosnia-Herzegovina. At Sao Paulo International Airport, coach Safet Susic said that his team is looking forward to facing Argentina (15 June), Nigeria (21 June) and Iran (25 June): 
“After the friendly matches against Côte d'Ivoire and Mexico, I can say that we are getting ready. We have two or three medical issues but I’m sure the players will be fit for the first match.” 
  
