http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=low-lahm-schweinsteiger-will-play-against-armenia-2355070.html
Low: Lahm, Schweinsteiger 'will play' against Armenia
Philipp Lahm and Bastian Schweinsteiger are set to return from injury on Friday as Germany play Armenia in their final warm-up match before the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™. Germany head coach Joachim Low says both will feature against Aremnia, but goalkeeper Manuel Neuer will miss out.  
"Both Philipp and Bastian have trained without problems and I assume they will play, but I don't know yet for how long," Germany head coach Joachim Low said on Thursday. 
Goalkeeper Roman Widenfeller is set to deputize for Neurer against Armenia with the Bayern Munich keeper yet to fully recover from a shoulder injury sustained in the German Cup final three weeks ago. Neurer's Bayern Munich teammate Lahm is set to play for the first time since injuring an ankle in the same match. 
"I have spoken with Manuel Neuer and he won't play against Armenia, but there is no problem with him being ready for our first (World Cup) game against Portugal (on June 16)," Low said. 
After Germany were held to a 2-2 draw by Cameroon last Sunday and drew their other recent friendly against Poland, Low wants a confidence-boosting win before flying to their World Cup base in Porto Seguro, via Salvador, on Saturday. 
"We want to win with a good performance, so we can leave Germany with a smile and to get in a good rhythm for the World Cup," he said. Low also admitted his chief play-maker Mesut Ozil did not have "one of his best days" against Cameroon. 
"I am bit surprised by the (negative) reaction against Ozil, perhaps his performance wasn't the best, but when you talk to him you see how confident he is," Low said. He'll give his all for the team, we're convinced of his skills and that he'll be ready for our group matches." 
With veteran Miroslav Klose, who turns 36 on Monday, the lone recognised striker in the squad, Low says there are plenty of other attacking options in his ranks. 
"Lukas Podolski, Marco Reus, Mario Goetze can all play up front, so we have options if we need them," he said.   
Armenia, ranked 38th in the world, lost 3-1 to Algeria in a friendly in Switzerland last Saturday before beating United Arab Emirates 4-3 last week. 
