http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=shoppers-in-for-a-treat-at-fifa-world-cup-fan-stores-2355044.html
Shoppers in for a treat at FIFA World Cup fan stores
With the 2014 FIFA World Cup™ just around the corner the retail operation of FIFA’s licensing business is getting into full swing, offering both Brazilian and international football fans their chance to secure a souvenir to remember the event.  
As well as the stores which will be located at each FIFA World Cup™ stadium, FIFA’s Master Licensee for Brazil, Globo Marcas, and its operator Dufry Sports has been working hard to ensure that fans have multiple opportunities to visit a store and pick up their piece of the action from the biggest sports event of the year. 
Airports within the Host Cities of the event are one location where business has been up and running for some time now. Eight stores within the terminals of Recife, Fortaleza, Curitiba, Rio de Janeiro (Galeão and Santos Dumont), Campinas and Porto Alegre are already selling Official Licensed Products, with more to follow.  
Stadium miniatures, t-shirts, flip-flops, balls and caps are just some of the items that are available to purchase at the stores as well as the official shirts from many of the Participating Member Associations who will be taking part in the FIFA World Cup™. 
“We already have eight stores in operation at the moment. Our plan is to open further Official Fan Shops ahead of the tournament", said Marcio Queiroz, Operations Manager of Dufry Sports. 
Two of the stores which will be opened are within the FIFA Fan Fests in Rio de Janeiro and Fortaleza. These Megastores will provide a vast range of goods, giving fans attending the official public viewing events with the opportunity to spend a bit of time shopping when they are not watching matches or enjoying the entertainment which the FIFA Fan Fest has to offer.  
For a complete list of the Official Fan Shops which have opened so far in Brazil, desktop and mobile users please click 
. 
