http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=fifa-world-cuptm-participants-to-travel-in-style-2353913.html
World Cup participants to travel in style
Nine days ahead of the Opening Game of the 2014 FIFA World Cup™, FIFA and its Partner Hyundai/Kia staged a ceremony at the Arena de Sao Paulo where a dedicated transportation fleet of over one thousand vehicles was ceremonially handed over for usage during the event. 
The event was attended by FIFA Secretary General Jérôme Valcke, President of Hyundai Motor Brasil William Lee, President of Kia Motors Brazil Jose Luiz Gandini and a number of other high-ranking officials.  
In total, 1,450 vehicles have been provided by Hyundai/Kia to the tournament organisers to ensure that various event stakeholders have first-class transport options during the event.  
“A flawless transport operation is critical to the success of the FIFA World Cup”, said FIFA’s Secretary General, Jérôme Valcke. “We are delighted to have the support of our Partner Hyundai/Kia, who’s provision of the fleet of vehicles ensures that all event participants and crucially the teams travel in style and comfort”. 
In addition to this, the Hyundai Motor Company will also be adding some distinctive colour to the team buses at the 2014 FIFA World Cup through the 
 campaign which gave football fans all over the world the opportunity to submit slogans which will appear on the team buses along with the national team colours and flags. 
“We are proud to partner with FIFA during this historic football event, while we believe that our football engagement has been playing a vital role in connecting global customers to our brand,” said William Lee, President of Hyundai Motor Brasil, during the event. “In particular, we will do our utmost efforts to make the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil one of the most spectacular FIFA World Cup editions in history. We are deeply committed to Brazil, home to our most modern manufacturing plant that produces our Brazil-exclusive HB20.”  
These words were supported by Soon-Nam Lee, Vice President of the Overseas Marketing Group, Kia Motors Corporation. “This year’s World Cup marks Kia’s consecutive participation as a sponsor of the world’s most popular global football competition. We are truly delighted to continue our active involvement in the tournament, as we believe football marketing is an integral part of our vision to elevate Kia’s global brand awareness to the next level and to ultimately become a formidable player on the global automotive stage.”  


  

 
