http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/news/y=2014/m=6/news=england-draw-ecuador-luxembourg-shock-italy-2354713.html
England draw Ecuador, Luxembourg hold Italy
Raheem Sterling and Antonio Valencia were sent off as England drew their ill-tempered FIFA World Cup™ warm-up against Ecuador in the Miami heat. In the humid Floridian climate, Enner Valencia headed Ecuador in front after some sloppy defending by Chris Smalling and Luke Shaw. Wayne Rooney equalised and Rickie Lambert brilliantly put England ahead, but Roy Hodgson had to settle for a 2-2 draw thanks to Michael Arroyo's long-range strike. 
Italy's shocking build-up to the World Cup continued as their winless run was extended to seven games by Luxembourg after a 1-1 draw in Perugia. Claudio Marchisio's ninth-minute goal had put the hosts in front and Italy should have extended their lead but were twice denied by the woodwork in the second half. 
Maxine Chanot pulled Luxembourg level with five minutes remaining when he nodded past a helpless Gianluigi Buffon in the Italy goal. Luxembourg followed the Republic of Ireland, Nigeria and Armenia in drawing with Cesare Prandelli's side in their near nine-month barren spell - although only world and European champions Spain have beaten them in that time, alongside six draws. 
Italy will try to put the result behind them before their World Cup opener against England on 14 June in Brazil. They have one more warm-up game, against Brazilian club side Fluminense on Sunday. 
Robin van Persie sparked fresh concerns over his fitness after playing just 45 minutes of the Netherlands' laboured 2-0 friendly win over stubborn Wales in Amsterdam. The Manchester United striker, who had an injury-curtailed second half of the season, was withdrawn at half-time of Holland's final match before flying to Brazil for the World Cup. 
Louis van Gaal's side won the game comfortably enough with goals from Arjen Robben and Jeremain Lens, but under-strength Wales proved worthy opponents and frustrated them for large spells. Elsewhere, Goals from Nabil Bentaleb and El Arbi Soudani gave Algeria a 2-1 win over Romania in Geneva. 
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Bentaleb's opener was cancelled out by Alexandru Chipciu but Soudani, the Dinamo Zagreb forward, struck a 66th-minute winner. Jamaica and Egypt drew 2-2 in a friendly played at Leyton Orient's Matchroom Stadium. 
Mohamed El Nenny headed the African side into the lead but Simon Dawkins - registered across London at Tottenham and having spent a successful loan spell at Derby County this season - equalised when he tucked away Chris Humphrey's cross. Yeovil forward Joel Grant's stylish solo goal put the Reggae Boyz ahead but after Mohamed Salah twice missed presentable chances, the Chelsea winger set up the equaliser for substitute Bassin Morsi. 
